Hi, my name's Rich.
What's your name?

Nice to meet you.
I'm from the United States
I live in San Diego in California.
Where are you from?

I'm a teacher
I work online every day
What do you do?

I like playing golf and tennis.
How about you?

At the moment, I'm working on my website.
What are you doing right now?

I'm tired today because I got up early.
I usually get up at six o'clock.
When do you usually get up?

I think it's great you're learning English.
How often do you study English?

Did you study English yesterday?

How about tomorrow? 
Are you going to study English tomorrow?

OK, I know that studying
English isn't the most important thing in the world!
What else are you going to do this week?

I'm going to attend a concert on Saturday.
Do you have any special plans?

Last weekend, I went to visit my friends in San Francisco.
What did you do?

How often do you do that?

When is the next time you are going to do that?

Thank you for talking to me.
Have a nice day!
Here's an example of the conversation you may have had.
Compare this conversation to the one you had.
Did you use the same tenses?
Were your answers similar or different?
How were they similar or different? 

A: Hi, how are you doing?

B: I'm fine. How about yourself?

A: I'm pretty good. Thanks for asking.

B: No problem. So how have you been?

A: I've been great. What about you?

B: I've been good. I'm in school right now.

A: What school do you go to?

B: I go to PCC.

A: Do you like it there?

B: It's okay. It's a really big campus.

A: Good luck with school.

B: Thank you very much.

A: How's it going?

B: I'm doing well. How about you?

A: Never better, thanks.

B: So how have you been lately?

A: I've actually been pretty good. You?

B: I'm actually in school right now.

A: Which school do you attend?

B: I'm attending PCC right now.

A: Are you enjoying it there?

B: It's not bad. There are a lot of people there.

A: Good luck with that.

B: Thanks.

A: How are you doing today?

B: I'm doing great. What about you?

A: I'm absolutely lovely, thank you.

B: Everything's been good with you?

A: I haven't been better. How about yourself?

B: I started school recently.

A: Where are you going to school?

B: I'm going to PCC.

A: How do you like it so far?

B: I like it so far. My classes are pretty good right now.

A: I wish you luck.

B: Thanks a lot.
A: Well, it was nice talking to you.

B: It was nice talking to you too.

A: We should really hang out again.

B: That would be fun.

A: Where do you want to go?

B: I think we should go out to eat.

A: That sounds good.

B: All right, so I'll see you then.

A: I'll call you later.

B: Okay, I'll talk to you later then.

A: See you later.

B: Bye.

A: I enjoyed talking to you.

B: I enjoyed talking to you too.

A: We should hang out some time.

B: I think that would be nice.

A: Is there anything you would like to do next time?

B: Do you want to go out to eat?

A: I'd like that.

B: So I'll see you next time.

A: I'm going to call you soon. 

B: I'll talk to you later.

A: See you soon.

B: Goodbye.

A: I had fun talking to you.

B: It was really nice talking to you also.

A: I think we should really do something sometime.

B: That should be loads of fun.

A: What do you want to do next time?

B: Would you like to go to dinner or something?

A: Yeah, let's do that.

B: Okay, until next time then.

A: I'll call you so we can set that up.

B: Talk to you then.

A: All right, see you.

B: See you.
A: It was nice talking to you.

B: Why are you trying to rush me off the phone?

A: I really have to go.

B: Why? I still wanted to talk to you.

A: I have things to do.

B: Like what?

A: Don't be nosey.

B: I'm not. I just want to know.

A: Well, it's really none of your business.

B: That's harsh.

A: I'm sorry, but I have to go.

B: Fine.

A: I've enjoyed conversing with you.

B: Is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast?

A: I've got to go.

B: I wasn't done talking to you.

A: I have to do some things, and besides, it's not polite to be nosey.

B: I'm not being nosey. I'm just asking.

A: I really don't think it's any of your business.

B: That's not nice.

A: I apologize, but I'm getting off the phone now.

B: Okay

A: I'll talk to you later.

B: What's the rush?

A: I have to get off the phone now.

B: I'm not ready to get off the phone with you.

A: There are other things I need to take care of.

B: What is it that you need to do? 

A: Please don't be nosey.

B: I'm not being nosey, it's just a question.

A: You don't need to worry about that.

B: That was mean to say.

A: I am very sorry, but I must go.

B: I guess.

A: What's up?

B: Nothing much, what's going on?

A: I'm having a party this Friday.

B: Oh, really? That's nice.

A: I wanted to see if you wanted to come.

B: This Friday? Sorry, I already have plans.

A: Doing what?

B: I'm going to dinner with my family.

A: I really wanted you to come, but I understand.

B: Yeah, maybe next time.

A: I'll hold you to that.

B: Sounds like a plan.

A: Hey, what's good with you?

B: Not a lot. What about you?

A: I'm throwing a party on Friday.

B: That sounds like fun.

A: Do you think you can come?

B: I'm sorry. I'm already doing something this Friday.

A: What are you going to be doing?

B: My family and I are going to dinner.

A: I was hoping you would come.

B: I'll definitely try to make it the next time.

A: I'd better see you there.

B: All right. I'll see you next time.

A: What's going on?

B: Nothing really. How about you?

A: A lot, like the party I'm having on Friday.

B: Well, that's cool.

A: Will you be able to make it?

B: I'm busy this Friday. I'm sorry.

A: What do you have to do?

B: I'm having dinner with my family

A: Maybe you can come next time.

B: I'll make sure and come to your next party.

A: I'll look for you at my next party.

B: I'll be there.

A: What's going on?

B: Nothing really, you?

A: I'm throwing a party next Saturday.

B: Is that right?

A: Yeah, are you going to come?

B: I'm sorry, I can't.

A: Why not?

B: I don't really want to.

A: Well, why don't you?

B: I hate going to parties.

A: Well, that's okay.

B: Yeah, sorry.

A: What's up?

B: Nothing, how about you?

A: Next Saturday, I'm going to have a party.

B: Oh, really?

A: You are coming?

B: Probably not.

A: Why is that?

B: I don't feel like going.

A: Why not?

B: I really can't stand going to parties.

A: I understand, I guess.

B: Sorry about that.

A: What's happening?

B: Not a lot, what about you?

A: I'm having a party next Saturday.

B: That's nice.

A: Are you going to be there?

B: I don't think so.

A: Is there a reason why?

B: I just really don't want to go.

A: How come?

B: I don't really like parties.

A: I wish you would go, but that's okay.

B: I'm sorry.
A: Hey, what's up?

B: Nothing really.

A: I'm throwing a party on Friday.

B: I didn't realize that.

A: You didn't?

B: Nobody has told me anything about your party.

A: Did you want to go?

B: When does it start?

A: At 8:00 p.m.

B: I'll be there.

A: I'd better see you there.

B: Of course.

A: What's going on with you?

B: Fine. What's going on with you?

A: I'm having a party this Friday.

B: I had no idea.

A: Is that right?

B: I didn't hear anything about it.

A: Can you go?

B: What time?

A: It starts at 8 o'clock.

B: I'll go.

A: I hope that I'll see you there.

B: No doubt

A: What's going on?

B: Not much.

A: This Friday, I'm throwing a party.

B: Oh really? I didn't know that.

A: Are you serious?

B: I haven't heard anything about it.

A: Can you make it?

B: What time does it start?

A: The party starts at 8.

B: Yeah, I think I'll go.

A: Am I going to see you there?

B: You will.
A: Hey, did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend?

B: Yeah, but I'm still waiting for my invitation.

A: Oh really? She gave me mine earlier today.

B: Well, she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today.

A: Yeah, so are you planning on going?

B: I think so. It sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun.

A: It really does, I can't wait.

B: What time does the party start?

A: It starts at 8 o'clock.

B: Oh, well, how many people has she given invites to so far?

A: I'm not sure, but I don't think she's given out that many.

B: Well, hopefully she'll give me my invite later on today.

A: Have you heard about Jessica's party on Saturday?

B: I've heard about it, but I'm still waiting for my invitation.

A: Really? I got mine from her this morning.

B: I'm guessing that she's going to give me my invite today or tomorrow.

A: You're probably right, do you intend on going to the party?

B: I want to. I heard it's going to be really fun.

A: I know, it does sound pretty awesome.

B: Well, when does the party start?

A: It's supposed to start at about eight.

B: How many invitations has she given out?

A: I really don't know, but I don't think she gave out that many yet.

B: I really want to go, so I hope that she gives me my invite soon.

A: Has anyone told you about Jessica's party coming up?

B: I was told about it already. I'm just waiting for my invitation.

A: Is that right? I already got my invitation from her earlier.

B: I believe that she will give me the invitation today.

A: Are you even going to go?

B: Yeah, it sounds like it's going to be the best party of the year.

A: Exactly, it seems like it's going to be loads of fun.

B: When exactly does the party start?

A: The invitation says it starts at 8:00 p.m.

B: Has she given out a lot of invitations yet?

A: I have no idea, she hasn't given out many though.

B: I'm planning on going, but I really need her to give me my invitation.
A: Thanks for coming to see me today.

B: It's no problem. I was really missing you anyway.

A: I missed you too.

B: Why haven't you tried to come see me then?

A: I've been really busy.

B: Doing what?

A: Working.

B: I would've come to see you sooner, but I've been busy too.

A: What have you been doing?

B: I've been working too.

A: Well regardless, I'm very happy that you came to see me.

B: I am too.

A: I'm really glad that you came to see me.

B: I had to. I was missing you a lot.

A: I was missing you too.

B: So, why haven't you visited me?

A: I've actually been busy lately.

B: What have you been doing?

A: I've just been working really hard.

B: I've also been busy.

A: Tell me what you've been doing.

B: Basically, I've been working too.

A: Well whatever, I'm glad you came.

B: So am I.

A: I'm really happy that you came to visit me.

B: I really missed you a lot.

A: I've been missing you like crazy.

B: I don't understand why you haven't come to visit me.

A: Lately, I've been quite busy.

B: Tell me what you've been up to.

A: I've really been working a lot lately.

B: I've been pretty busy myself.

A: So what have you been up to?

B: I've just been working a lot.

A: Whatever the reason may be, I'm glad you visited me.

B: I'm glad I did too.
A: Did you go to school today?

B: Of course. Did you?

A: I didn't want to, so I didn't.

B: That's sad, but have you gone to the movies recently?

A: That's a switch.

B: I'm serious, have you?

A: No, I haven't. Why?

B: I really want to go to the movies this weekend.

A: So go then.

B: I really don't want to go by myself.

A: Well anyway, do you plan on going to school tomorrow?

B: No, I think I'm going to go to the movies.

A: Did you make it to school today?

B: I always do. Did you go to school today?

A: No, I didn't.

B: You should have, but have you seen any movies lately?

A: That was an odd change of subject.

B: Maybe it was, but answer the question.

A: No, not recently.

B: I want to go to see a movie this weekend.

A: What's stopping you then?

B: I don't want to go alone.

A: So, will you be at school tomorrow?

B: No, I want to go to the movies instead.

A: Did you even bother to go to school today?

B: Yeah, I went. Did you go?

A: No, I didn't feel like it.

B: That's nice, have you been to the movies lately?

A: No, but that was a random change of subject.

B: It may have been random, but have you?

A: I haven't lately.

B: I would love to catch a movie this weekend.

A: So then, why don't you just go?

B: I don't want to see a movie by myself.

A: Okay, so are you going to school tomorrow?

B: I think I might just go to the movies.
A: Did you hear the news?

B: What happened?

A: Our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week.

B: She did? Why didn't anyone tell me?

A: I would've thought that somebody would have told you.

B: No, I had no idea.

A: Well, she did, her baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.

B: Oh my God, that's great!

A: Are you going to go and visit her and the baby?

B: I think that I might.

A: Good! I just thought I'd let you know.

B: Thanks for telling me.

A: Have you heard what happened?

B: Heard what?

A: Debrah already had her baby.

B: I didn't know that.

A: I thought you knew.

B: I honestly didn't know.

A: The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.

B: That's good to hear.

A: Will you go and visit them?

B: Of course I will.

A: I just wanted to give you the good news.

B: Thanks for letting me know.

A: Have you heard the news?

B: I haven't heard anything.

A: Debrah had her baby last week.

B: Nobody told me.

A: I thought you heard.

B: I really wasn't told anything.

A: She was a cute 8 pounds 6 ounces.

B: Wow, how exciting.

A: I know, you should really go and see her and the baby.

B: Of course I will.

A: I just wanted to let you know what happened.

B: I appreciate that.
A: Did you go to school today?

B: Yeah, I went to school today. Were you there?

A: No, I didn't go, I've been sick.

B: That sucks. Did you want the assignments from English class?

A: That would be nice, thank you.

B: No problem, you're welcome.

A: I will be glad to do the same for you when you're sick.

B: Well, thank you. I hope to see you at school tomorrow.

A: Have you attended school today?

B: I attended school today. Did you?

A: I wasn't able to attend school because I was feeling ill.

B: I'm sorry to hear that. Would you like the assignments from English class?

A: I would really appreciate that, thanks.

B: It's no trouble at all.

A: If you get sick, I'll return the favor.

B: Thanks. See you at school tomorrow if you feel better.

A: Have you gone to school today?

B: I went to school today. Did you go to school?

A: I couldn't go to school today, I was sick.

B: That's horrible. I'd be happy to give you the assignments from English class.

A: Thank you very much, that's kind of you.

B: Don't mention it.

A: When you miss a day of school, I'll be happy to give you the English assignments.

B: That is greatly appreciated and I hope you feel well enough to go to school tomorrow.
A: What are you doing this weekend?

B: I'm going to the movies with a friend. How about you?

A: I'm not sure yet.

B: Well, did you want to go see a movie with me?

A: What movie are you going to see?

B: I'm not sure yet. Is there something you want to see?

A: There's nothing I can think of.

B: So, did you want to go?

A: No, thanks, maybe another time.

B: Okay, sounds good

A: Do you know what you're going to do this weekend?

B: I am going to see a movie with a friend of mine. What about you?

A: I don't know.

B: Would you like to see a movie with me and my friend?

A: Do you know what movie you're going to watch?

B: I don't know, but was there a certain movie you wanted to see?

A: None that I can think of.

B: Well, would you like to go?

A: Thank you for inviting me, but I think I'll pass.

B: All right. Another time then.

A: You have any ideas as to what you want to do this weekend?

B: I'm going to the movie theater with my friend. What are you going to do?

A: I'm not quite sure yet.

B: How about you see a movie with me and my friend?

A: What movie are you and your friend planning on watching?

B: Not sure. Is there a movie out that catches your eye?

A: No good movies come to mind.

B: Have you decided whether or not you would like to go?

A: No, thanks. Maybe another time.

B: For sure another day.
A: Did you go to the basketball game on Friday?

B: No, I couldn't make it.

A: You missed a really good game.

B: Oh, really? Who won?

A: Our school did. They played really well.

B: Too bad I was busy. I really wanted to go.

A: Yeah, you should have. It was really exciting.

B: So what was the score?

A: The score was 101-98.

B: Man, that was a really close game.

A: That's what made it so great.

B: I'll make sure and make it to the next one.

A: Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game?

B: I was unable to make it.

A: You should have been there. It was intense.

B: Is that right. Who ended up winning?

A: Our team was victorious.

B: I wish I was free that night. I'm kind of mad that I didn't go.

A: It was a great game.

B: What was the score at the end of the game?

A: Our team won 101-98.

B: Sounds like it was a close game.

A: That's the reason it was such a great game.

B: The next game, I will definitely be there.

A: I was meaning to ask you if you saw the basketball game on Friday.

B: I wanted to go, but I couldn't.

A: It was a great game.

B: It's too bad that I couldn't make it. Who won?

A: Our team played hard and won.

B: I really wish I went to the game.

A: It was the best game ever.

B: So tell me the final score.

A: The other team lost by three points, 101-98. 

B: It must've been a close game.

A: It really was. You should've gone.

B: Hopefully, I'll make it to the next one.
A: What type of music do you like to listen to?

B: I like listening to different kinds of music.

A: Like what, for instance?

B: I enjoy Rock and R&B.

A: Why is that?

B: I like the different instruments that they use.

A: That's a good reason to like something.

B: Yeah, I think so too.

A: What kind of music do you enjoy listening to?

B: I enjoy listening to all kinds of music.

A: What kind?

B: I like to listen to Rock and R&B.

A: Why do you like that type of music?

B: I like the kinds of instruments that they use.

A: I think that's an excellent reason to like something.

B: Thanks, I feel the same way.

A: What is your favorite kind of music?

B: I listen to various types of music.

A: What genres?

B: I enjoy listening to both Rock and R&B.

A: What interests you in that type of music?

B: I enjoy the different types of instruments that they use.

A: That is a perfect reason to like a certain kind of music.

B: That's exactly what I think too.
A: What's your favorite movie?

B: My favorite movie is Superbad.

A: Oh, why is that?

B: It's the funniest movie that I've ever seen.

A: That's true. It is a very funny movie.

B: You've seen it before? 

A: Yes, I saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters.

B: Didn't you laugh through the whole movie? I did.

A: Me too. That movie brought tears to my eyes.

B: Mine too.

A: I have it on DVD at my house if you want to come over and watch it.

B: Sure, let's go.

A: Which movie is your favorite to watch?

B: I have to say, my favorite movie is Superbad.

A: Is that right? Why?

B: Honestly, it is one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time.

A: You're right. That movie is hilarious.

B: I didn't think you saw that movie.

A: I went to see it the day it came out.

B: I was laughing through the whole movie.

A: I couldn't help laughing, either. 

B: Same here.

A: I bought the movie. Would you like to come to my house and watch it?

B: Of course.

A: Out of every movie that you've seen, which one is your favorite?

B: I'm going to have to say that Superbad is the best movie ever.

A: You think so, how come?

B: Well, Superbad is super funny.

A: You're not lying, I found that movie absolutely hilarious.

B: I didn't know that you saw Superbad before.

A: I made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out.

B: I couldn't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie.

A: I was laughing hysterically the whole time; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards.

B: That's exactly how I felt.

A: I got the movie when it came out on DVD, do you want to come over?

B: I would love to.
A: Tell me, what do you enjoy doing in your spare time?

B: I enjoy drawing and painting.

A: You know how to draw and paint?

B: Yes, I do.

A: When did you learn how to do that?

B: I learned back in high school.

A: Oh, so you took an art class?

B: Yeah, I loved that class.

A: I see that you're pretty talented.

B: Thank you very much.

A: I wish I had a talent like that.

B: I'm sure you have a talent. It's just hidden.

A: What kinds of things do you like to do?

B: I've always liked to draw and paint.

A: I didn't know you knew how to draw and paint.

B: I do it every once in a while.

A: How long have you known how to do that?

B: I first learned how to do it in high school.

A: Did you take some sort of art class or something?

B: That was my favorite class.

A: You have got to be talented.

B: Thanks.

A: If only I was talented.

B: You have a talent. You just don't know what it is yet.

A: Are there any hobbies you do?

B: When I have time, I sometimes draw and paint.

A: Oh, you actually do that?

B: Every so often, I do.

A: Did you always know how to draw and paint?

B: I was taught in high school how to draw and paint.

A: You had an art class?

B: Exactly, it was my favorite class.

A: Well, it's good that you're so talented.

B: I appreciate that.

A: Talent is a great thing, I wish I had one.

B: Everyone has a talent. They just need to find it.
A: You look really nice today. 

B: Thank you. I just got this outfit the other day.

A: Really, where did you get it?

B: I got it from Macy's.

A: It's really nice.

B: Thanks again. You look nice today, too.

A: Thank you. I just got these shoes today.

B: Really? What kind of shoes are they?

A: These are called All Star Chuck Taylors.

B: I really like those. How much did they cost?

A: They were about forty dollars.

B: I think I'm going to go buy myself a pair.

A: I absolutely love what you're wearing today.

B: You do? I just bought this outfit a couple days ago.

A: Seriously, it looks really nice on you. Where did you buy it from?

B: I bought it from the Macy's at the Santa Anita mall.

A: I really like that outfit.

B: Thanks. I think you look nice today, too.

A: Thank you. I just bought these new shoes earlier today.

B: Those are nice. What are they?

A: These are some Chucks.

B: Those are great. How much were they?

A: I got them for forty.

B: I think I might go and find me my own pair of Chucks.

A: I think that you look very cute today.

B: Is that right? This is a brand new outfit.

A: What store did you get it from?

B: I went to Macy's and picked it out.

A: I love your outfit right now.

B: Well, I think you look nice today too.

A: Thanks. I found these new shoes earlier at the store.

B: I think that those are some really nice shoes. What kind are they?

A: These are Chucks.

B: Your shoes look really nice. How much did you get them for?

A: They only cost me about forty dollars.

B: I'm going to go get a pair for myself.
A: Did you hear the good news?

B: No, I haven't.

A: I got a promotion at my job.

B: Did you really?

A: Seriously, I am so excited.

B: Well, congratulations.

A: Thank you.

B: I'm so happy for you.

A: Really?

B: Yes. You really deserved this.

A: You think so?

B: Yes. Good for you.

A: Have you heard my good news?

B: You haven't told me anything yet.

A: I got a promotion at work earlier this week.

B: Is that right?

A: It's the truth. I am really happy.

B: Congratulations on your promotion.

A: Thank you very much.

B: I am really excited for you.

A: Are you really?

B: I'm serious. You deserved this promotion.

A: Is that what you really think?

B: Yes, I do.

A: I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?

B: I haven't heard anything.

A: My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.

B: Are you serious?

A: Yes, I am really excited.

B: That's great. Congratulations.

A: I appreciate that.

B: You have no idea how happy I am for you.

A: For real?

B: I believe you were the best choice for that promotion. I really do.
A: Why weren't you at school yesterday?

B: I wasn't really feeling well.

A: What was wrong with you?

B: My stomach was upset.

A: Do you feel better now?

B: I don't really feel too well yet.

A: Do you want anything to make you feel better?

B: No, thanks. I already took some medicine.

A: I hope you feel better.

B: Thank you.

A: What reason do you have for missing school?

B: I was sick.

A: How were you sick?

B: I had a stomachache.

A: Did it get any better?

B: I'm still feeling under the weather.

A: Would you like anything for your stomach?

B: I took something earlier.

A: Get better.

B: Thanks a lot.

A: Why didn't you go to school yesterday?

B: I stayed home because I wasn't feeling well.

A: What was your problem?

B: My stomach was bothering me.

A: Are you feeling any better?

B: I'm still feeling a little sick.

A: I'm going to the store, would you like any Pepto Bismol?

B: That's okay.

A: I hope you feel better.

B: I'd appreciate that.
A: Have you seen the new girl in school?

B: No, I haven't.

A: She's really pretty.

B: Describe her to me.

A: She's not too tall.

B: Well, how tall is she?

A: She's about five feet even.

B: What does she look like, though?

A: She has pretty light brown eyes.

B: I may know which girl you're talking about.

A: So you have seen her around?

B: Yes, I have.

A: There's a new girl in school, have you seen her yet?

B: I haven't seen her yet.

A: I think that she is very pretty.

B: Tell me how she looks.

A: She's kind of short.

B: What height is she?

A: She's probably about five feet.

B: That's nice, but tell me what she looks like.

A: The first thing I noticed was her beautiful brown eyes.

B: I think I might've bumped into her before.

A: Are you telling me that you've seen her before?

B: I believe so.

A: Have you met the new girl?

B: No. Have you?

A: She's one of the prettiest girls at the school.

B: What does she look like?

A: Well, she's quite short.

B: How tall would you say that she is?

A: I would say she's only five feet.

B: What about her facial features?

A: She has light brown eyes, absolutely beautiful.

B: I think I know who you're talking about.

A: Have you seen her?

B: I think that I have.
A: Hello, may I speak to Alice please?

B: This is she. How's it going?

A: I've been trying to call you all day.

B: Sorry about that. I was cleaning up.

A: It's okay.

B: So what were you calling me about?

A: Oh, I just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow.

B: Sure, what did you want to do?

A: Maybe we can go see a movie or something.

B: That sounds like fun. Let's do it.

A: I'll see you tomorrow then.

B: See you then. Goodbye.

A: Hi, how are you. Is Alice there?

B: Speaking. What's up?

A: Why haven't you answered the phone?

B: My bad, I had chores to do.

A: That's all right.

B: What was the reason for your call?

A: I want to do something tomorrow with you.

B: Sounds good. What did you have in mind?

A: I was thinking about seeing a movie.

B: Okay, let's go see a movie.

A: Until then.

B: Talk to you later.

A: Is Alice available?

B: You're talking to her.

A: I've called you a hundred times today.

B: I was busy doing something. I apologize.

A: No problem.

B: Did you need something?

A: Do you want to do something tomorrow?

B: Is there somewhere special you wanted to go?

A: How about a movie?

B: A movie sounds good.

A: Call me tomorrow then.

B: I will see you tomorrow.
A: I really want to go to the beach this weekend.

B: That sounds like fun. What's the weather going to be like?

A: I heard that it's going to be warm this weekend.

B: Is it going to be perfect beach weather?

A: I believe so.

B: Good. I hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.

A: I know. I really want to go to the beach.

B: But you know that California weather is really unpredictable.

A: You're right. One minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold.

B: I really wish the weather would just stay the same.

A: I do too. That way we can have our activities planned ahead of time.

B: Yeah, that would make things a lot easier.

A: I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.

B: A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?

A: The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.

B: So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?

A: It sounds like it will be.

B: I really hope it doesn't get cold.

A: That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.

B: The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.

A: That is true. The weather is constantly changing.

B: It would be nice if the weather would never change.

A: That would be great, then we could plan things sooner.

B: True. Predictable weather would make life easier.

A: It would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend.

B: What's the weather going to be like? I may want to go too.

A: The weather this weekend is supposed to be warm.

B: Will it be good beach weather?

A: I think it will be.

B: It wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend.

A: I want this trip to be perfect, I hope it stays warm.

B: This California weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen.

A: I know. Every day the weather seems different.

B: I would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.

A: That would make it easier for us to make plans.

B: I know. Things are easier when you know what the weather's going to be like.
A: It's such a nice day.

B: Yes, it is.

A: It looks like it may rain soon.

B: Yes, and I hope that it does.

A: Why is that?

B: I really love how rain clears the air.

A: Me too. It always smells so fresh after it rains.

B: Yes, but I love the night air after it rains.

A: Really? Why is it?

B: Because you can see the stars perfectly.

A: I really hope it rains today.

B: Yeah, me too.

A: Isn't it a nice day?

B: It really is.

A: It seems that it may rain today.

B: Hopefully it will.

A: How come?

B: I like how clear the sky gets after it rains.

A: I feel the same way. It smells so good after it rains.

B: I especially love the night air when it rains.

A: Really? Why?

B: The stars look so much closer after it rains.

A: I really want it to rain today.

B: Yeah, so do I.

A: Don't you think it's nice out?

B: Yes, I think so too.

A: I think that it's going to rain.

B: I hope that it does rain.

A: You like the rain?

B: The sky looks so clean after it rains. I love it.

A: I understand. Rain does make it smell cleaner.

B: I love most how it is at night after it rains.

A: How come?

B: You can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains.

A: I would love for it to rain today.

B: I would too.
A: It's an ugly day today.

B: I know. I think it may rain.

A: It's the middle of summer, it shouldn't rain today.

B: That would be weird.

A: Yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside.

B: I know, it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside.

A: Yes, it would be. 

B: I really wish it wasn't so hot every day. 

A: Me too. I can't wait until winter.

B: I like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold.

A: I'd rather be cold than hot.

B: Me too.

A: It doesn't look very nice outside today.

B: You're right. I think it's going to rain later.

A: In the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.

B: That wouldn't seem right.

A: Considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird.

B: Exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. It's too hot.

A: I know, you're absolutely right.

B: I wish it would cool off one day.

A: That's how I feel, I want winter to come soon.

B: I enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.

A: I know what you mean, but I'd rather be cold than hot.

B: That's exactly how I feel.

A: I wish it was a nicer day today.

B: That is true. I hope it doesn't rain.

A: It wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer.

B: It wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.

A: It would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.

B: Any rain right now would be pointless.

A: That's right, it really would be.

B: I want it to cool down some.

A: I know what you mean, I can't wait until it's winter.

B: Winter is great. I wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though.

A: I would rather deal with the winter than the summer.

B: I feel the same way.
A: Hello, I need to register for a class.

B: What class are you trying to take?

A: I want to take a Psychology class.

B: Well, there are only two classes open.

A: Can you tell me what days the classes are on?

B: One class is on Tuesday and Thursday from 2:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.

A: And the other class?

B: That class is from ten to twelve on Monday and Wednesday.

A: Are you sure these are the only open classes?

B: Yes, I am sure.

A: Okay, sign me up for the class on Monday and Wednesday.

B: Very well then.


2
 Repeat

A: I would like to register for a class today.

B: No problem, what class would you like to take?

A: I would very much enjoy taking a Psychology class.

B: There are two classes that are still open.

A: Which days are these classes on?

B: The first class is a Tuesday and Thursday class from two to three.

A: What about the other class?

B: The other class is on Monday and Wednesday from 10:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.

A: Are you sure there are no more open classes?

B: I'm positive.

A: Sign me up for Monday and Wednesday.

B: Okay, I'll sign you up.


3
 Repeat

A: Could you help me to register for a class?

B: Do you know what class you want to take?

A: Are there any Psych classes available?

B: I believe there are still two Psychology classes open.

A: On what days are the classes?

B: There is one class on Tuesday and Thursday from 2 to 4.

A: Can you tell me about the other class?

B: It's from 10-12 on Monday and Wednesday.

A: You're positive that these are the only classes left?

B: These two are the only ones.

A: The class on Monday and Wednesday will be fine.

B: Very good.
A: Hey, I got this parking ticket; can you help me figure a way out of it?

B: First of all, did you park somewhere too long or in the wrong spot?

A: I was there too long.

B: Was the area clearly labeled with the time limit and all?

A: Yeah, I saw it.

B: You will need to convince the judge that you couldn't see the signs.

A: Yeah, I understand.

B: Whatever you do, you need to be respectful and polite to the judge.

A: Yeah, you're right.

B: Just try to talk to him about how IF you made a mistake that it won't happen again.

A: OK, I will.

B: Good luck!


2
 Repeat

A: Man, I got another parking ticket. I am so unlucky--what can I do?

B: Was your car where it wasn't supposed to be, or did you stay there too long?

A: I was in an area where I wasn't supposed to park.

B: Could you tell where you were supposed to park and for how long?

A: I could tell what I was supposed to do.

B: That's too bad. That means that you can't use receipts or a witness to help you out. 

A: I guess not.

B: Try brown-nosing the judge, but don't be too obvious about it.

A: Sure, if it will help.

B: Try and convince him that something was labeled wrong or something.

A: Sounds good!

B: Give it your best shot; it might work.


3
 Repeat

A: I don't know how to fight a parking ticket.

B: Did you get written up for exceeding the time limit or for parking where you weren't supposed to be?

A: Both.

B: Did you see all the signs and just decide to blow them off?

A: I was confused.

B: Maybe you could explain that you are new and got confused--could you do that?

A: If it might work, I'll go for it!

B: Let the judge see that you are only a poor starving student who won't do it again.

A: I can see how that might work.

B: Without actually saying that the parking ticket guy was an idiot, make it seem as though it was HIS mistake, not yours!

A: I could do that!

B: Try it. It just might save you the price of a parking ticket.
A: Can you tell me where I can park? 

B: Are you driving a motorcycle or an automobile?

A: I drive an automobile.

B: Fine. You can either park in the student lot or on the street. Do you know what a handicapped space is?

A: Yes, I have seen those spots.

B: Well, when you see the blue spots with the handicapped logo, do not park there unless you have a special permit. Are you going to be parking in the daytime or evening?

A: I park in the evenings.

B: Then you also need to be aware of the time limits on the street signs. Have you seen those signs?

A: Yes, I have seen those signs.

B: The signs always tell you how long you can park there and on what days. Do you know how to read the curb colors?

A: Yes, I know what the curb colors mean.

B: Well, just as long as you realize that red means no parking and white means loading and unloading, I think you know what you need to know.


2
 Repeat

A: Where should I park?

B: Do you have a car or motorbike?

A: I drive a scooter

B: In that case, you can park either in a student lot or on the street. Are you aware of the marked handicapped spots?

A: No, I haven't seen those spots.

B: The handicapped logo with blue means that you are not to park there unless you have a handicapped permit. Will you mostly be parking during the day or night?

A: I park in the daytime. 

B: Make sure you pay special attention to the street signs with time limits. Have you noticed those signs?

A: No, I have not seen the signs.

B: Pay attention to what the signs tell you in terms of time limits and what days you can park there. Do you know what the curb colors mean?

A: No, I don't know what the curb colors mean.

B: Just remember that red means absolutely no parking and white means loading and unloading only. I think you'll be good to go!


3
 Repeat

A: What is the best place to park?

B: What vehicle do you usually bring to school? Is it an automobile or a motorbike?

A: I drive a motorcycle.

B: OK. That means you can park in the student lot or on the street. Have you seen the handicapped spots?

A: I am not sure what a handicapped spot is.

B: Look for the blue signs and blue marked spaces. Do you usually park in the daytime or the evening?

A: I park days and evenings.

B: Be careful about the time limits on the streets. Have you seen the signs for time limits?

A: What signs?

B: As long as you are careful reading the signs, you will always know how long you can park and what days are OK to park there. Are you aware of the curb colors?

A: What curb colors?

B: If you can remember that red means absolutely no parking and white means that you can only load and unload, you are going to be OK.
A: I'd like to purchase a parking permit for next semester.

B: Are you a daytime student or do you just come in the evenings?

A: I am a daytime student.

B: Will you be driving a motorcycle or a car?

A: I will be driving my car.

B: OK, that will be twenty-five dollars. How would you like to pay for it?

A: I'll pay for it with a check.

B: Would you like to pay for any extra permits for another vehicle?

A: No, thanks; I'm fine.

B: Here you go then. Have a great school year!


2
 Repeat

A: I'll need a parking permit for next semester.

B: Do you attend school during the day or only at night?

A: I only attend class part-time in the evenings.

B: Do you drive a motorcycle or an automobile? 

A: I have both, but I usually use my car to get to school.

B: Great, the price for that permit is thirty dollars; cash, check, or credit card?

A: I'll pay cash.

B: Do you need to buy a duplicate permit for a second vehicle?

A: No, thank you.

B: OK, here is your permit; enjoy the new semester.


3
 Repeat

A: I want to buy a parking permit, please.

B: Are you a full-time student or do you attend part-time in the evenings?

A: I attend both day and evening classes.

B: Will you be riding a motorcycle or do you drive a car?

A: I ride a motorcycle.

B: That permit will run twenty-five dollars; will that be cash or credit card?

A: I'll use a credit card, thank you.

B: Do you need a second permit for a car?

A: No, just the motorcycle permit.

B: Fine, here it is and have a great semester!
A: Excuse me, could you help me figure out how to use this new parking meter?

B: Sure, it was confusing for me also. Have you ever used a regular meter?

A: Yes, I understood the old one.

B: Well, on this one you can use coins or a debit or credit card; which one would you like to use?

A: Debit or credit card.

B: OK. Now, do you see what the rate is on the sticker?

A: Yes.

B: OK, now that we know what it will cost, put the money or card into the machine.

A: Yes, I can do that.

B: Wonderful; now, this machine asks you the number of your spot, so put that in also.

A: Yes, I'm ready.

B: All you have to do now is take your receipt and put it on your dashboard.


2
 Repeat

A: Whoa, I never saw a meter like this before; how do you use it?

B: It's simple, once you do it a few times. Do you know how the old one worked?

A: I never used a parking meter before.

B: So we start out by deciding whether you will use cash or a credit or debit card.

A: Cash.

B: Fine, can you read the rate on the display?

A: Yes, I can.

B: Fine. Now that we know what they are ripping us off for, insert the payment.

A: I'd rather not pay, but I have to.

B: Fine, this machine does not ask you the number of your spot, so we can move on, all right?

A: Perfect, let's do it.

B: Now just check the meter to see how many minutes you have.


3
 Repeat

A: This parking meter is really confusing. Can you help me figure it out?

B: It's just like the old one, but with new stuff added.

A: Yeah, OK.

B: The first step is deciding on debit or credit card payment, so which one is it?

A: I have coins.

B: Perfect. Now, can you see the rate on the sign?

A: I didn't see that, but now I do.

B: Once you know what it will cost, put the payment in.

A: Here it goes!

B: You are doing great! Let's move on to the next step.

A: I am a little confused.

B: Just make sure that everything registered, and then you are good to go!
A: Can you help me with returning my late books?

B: This is the right spot to pay your fee. Put your books down right here.

A: OK, here they are.

B: I can see that you owe 25 cents a day. That will be one dollar and fifty cents total.

A: OK, here's the money.

B: We are interested in getting our books back; so as long as all the fines are paid off by the end of the semester, you will be fine. Does that make sense?

A: I'm not sure.

B: Your registration and transcripts can be held up if there is an outstanding fine.

A: Now I understand.

B: Well, you can always keep your late fees down by using the night drop if we are closed. Enjoy the library!


2
 Repeat

A: These books should have been turned in last week.

B: You have come to the correct place. Hand me your books.

A: Here they are.

B: Whoa, these are pretty late! You owe five dollars total to clear your fine.

A: I don't have the money right now.

B: We only require that all fines must be paid off by the end of the semester. So you will be okay to go.

A: What would happen if I didn't pay it?

B: It's really important to always clear your fines, so you'll get a report card and transcripts on time.

A: Yeah, but I don't know how they can do that.

B: Always remember that the night drop is here, and we really appreciate you returning your books for all to use.


3
 Repeat

A: My library books are late, where can I put them?

B: This is where they need to be turned in. Let me see them to check the date, OK?

A: Yeah, I think that they are really late!

B: Not all that late. You only owe the library fifty cents.

A: What if I can't pay it?

B: We appreciate you paying off all fines as soon as possible, but always before the end of the semester.

A: Yeah, I get it.

B: Your report card and transcripts will be held until you pay all fines, so always make sure that you do that.

A: That's not really fair!

B: If we aren't here, always feel free to use the night drop outside. Thanks for coming in!
A: Excuse me. I am interested in getting a library card.

B: Sure, let me give you an application. You can fill it out right here at the counter.

A: OK, here it is.

B: Let me take a look at this for you. May I have your driver's license, please?

A: Here's my license and form. 

B: You seem to have filled the form out all right. Are you familiar with our rules and fines?

A: Yes, I know what to do.

B: The hours and limitations are printed on the card and this handout.

A: OK, I see.

B: Thank you for joining the library; we look forward to serving you.


2
 Repeat

A: I was wondering if you could help me to get a library card.

B: Of course, just fill out this form and let me know when you are finished.

A: I'm finished.

B: I will also need your driver's license; hand me the filled-out form, please.

A: OK, the form is all filled out.

B: Perfect! Do you know the hours and rules for the library?

A: No, I have no idea what they are.

B: Everything you need to know is printed on the card and handout.

A: Yes, right.

B: Great! You are all set to enjoy the library.


3
 Repeat

A: Good morning. Is this where I can get a library card issued to me?

B: No problem, we have a short form right here; just hand it to me when you are done.

A: I'm done.

B: That looks great, but I will also need your driver's license or other form of I.D.

A: Sure, here it all is.

B: Well, this looks nice. Do you know how to use it?

A: I am pretty sure how to use it, but can you remind me?

B: Of course, just remember that all of the needed information is on the card.

A: I see.

B: Well, I hope you have a wonderful time on your library visits!
A: Can you help me figure out how to use this machine?

B: Yes, I would be happy to help. What do you want to buy?

A: I want to buy that candy.

B: OK. So this machine will make change if you need it. Do you have your dollars ready?

A: Yeah, so far, so good.

B: Next, you feed your dollars into the machine in the slot. Make sure they are smooth.

A: Yeah, I already knew that.

B: I'm sure you know that if the dollar gets stuck, you might have to re-feed it.

A: OK, let's move on!

B: Now you just make your selection and pray. If nothing comes out, try again or call the number on the side of the machine.

A: I hope it works!

B: Well, good luck!


2
 Repeat

A: I've never seen a machine like this before and need some help.

B: Sure, no problem. What are you trying to get?

A: I want to buy a drink.

B: OK. This machine needs you to use that change machine first to get correct change. 

A: I've got the correct change already.

B: First you put your money in the dollar slot or the coin slot. The dollars have to be smooth.

A: OK, what next?

B: Just know that sometimes the money doesn't go in perfectly the first time and you have to try again.

A: OK, next? 

B: Choose what you want and push the button. Sometimes it takes a couple of tries.

A: I agree with you.

B: Hope that works for you!


3
 Repeat

A: I want to know how to buy something from this machine.

B: Yeah, the new ones can be tricky. What are you trying to buy?

A: I want to buy one of those snack things.

B: Are you ready to go?

A: I'm clear so far.

B: The money goes in the slot over there. It has to be smooth to go in.

A: It won't go in!

B: Just remember that you might have to feed the money in a couple of times to get it to work.

A: Yes, next step.

B: Make your selection and hope for the best. Vending machines aren't all that reliable.

A: They're totally unreliable.

B: You seem to have it down. Have a good day!
A: Hi, could you help me find a place where I could buy some lunch?

B: Sure! What kind of food would you like?

A: I was thinking of pizza or something else Italian, maybe.

B: I know the perfect place!

A: Good! Where is it?

B: It's right past that last building on the left. Do you want me to go with you?

A: That would be great.

B: Glad you asked me to join you. This will be fun!


2
 Repeat

A: Man, I'm hungry. Do you know a good place to have lunch?

B: Yes, I know a great place. What types of food do you like?

A: Mexican, Japanese or Chinese would be great.

B: Oh, I know a place where you might like to eat.

A: Is it close by?

B: It's down a block on the right; can I show you the way?

A: OK, I'd love the company.

B: This will work out well. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.


3
 Repeat

A: Let's have some lunch; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere?

B: I'm hungry, too. What types of food sound good?

A: Maybe just a quick sandwich, salad, or something.

B: I have a great idea of where you might like to go.

A: Can we walk there?

B: It's on the second floor. May I join you?

A: Of course! Let's go.

B: Let's hurry. I'm starving!
A: When are we leaving for our field trip?

B: Our science field trip is next Monday at 8:00 in the morning. Can you mark that on your calendar?

A: Yes, I will write that down.

B: That will be Monday, December 2nd. We need to start loading the buses half an hour early, so plan to arrive at 7:30.

A: Yes, I will be there on time.

B: We will return 6 days later on December 8th. Will someone be picking you up?

A: Yes, someone is coming to get me.

B: The return bus will leave the campground at 5:00 p.m. and return to campus 3 hours later at 8:00 p.m.

A: What should we bring with us?

B: I am going to post all of that information on the geology club web page. Check it out when you get a chance. See you Monday!


2
 Repeat

A: Can you tell me what the date and time of our field trip is?

B: We are leaving on our science field trip at 8:00 a.m. next Monday. Do you have something to write that down on?

A: Yes, I can write that on my calendar.

B: That will be on the second of December. Be there ½ an hour early to get your bags on the bus. Do you understand?

A: Yes, I understand.

B: The bus will bring you back 6 days later on December 8th. Is someone coming to get you?

A: No, I don't have a ride yet.

B: We will be leaving the campground at 5:00 in the evening and arrive at our campus at 8:00 p.m. Any more questions?

A: How much will the trip cost?

B: I put all of that information in the packet. I'll give you another copy if you need one. See you on Monday!


3
 Repeat

A: What date will our field trip be on?

B: The science field trip is next Monday at 8 o'clock in the morning. Do you want to make note of that on your calendar?

A: Yes, I will make note of that.

B: Next Monday is December 2nd. The buses will leave at 8, but we must begin loading at 7:30. 

A: Be there half an hour early.

B: You might want to tell whoever is picking you up that you will return on December 8th. Do you have a ride?

A: Yes, someone is picking me up.

B: To get back to campus by 8:00 p.m., we will be leaving the campsite at 5:00 p.m. Do you have any more questions?

A: Not at the moment—maybe later, though.

B: All of the extra information that you need is on the bulletin board in the hallway. See you on Monday!
A: I am unsure how to add a class and need help.

B: I have an opening. Do you have an add sheet for me to sign?

A: Yes, I have an add sheet.

B: After I sign it, you must take it to the Admissions and Records Office to add the class. Do you know where that is?

A: No, I'm not sure.

B: When you cross the quad, the office is right in front of you. Go inside and follow the signs to the correct line.

A: Thanks. I understand what to do now.

B: It should be easy to find. After you add the class, check with me in a few weeks to make sure that you are on my roll sheet.

A: That sounds good.

B: Good, just make sure that you do the same thing if you ever need to drop a class. Good luck!


2
 Repeat

A: Professor, can you help me add your class?

B: You have to bring me an add sheet to sign. Do you have one?

A: No, I will have to get an add sheet.

B: You must take the signed add slip to the Admissions and Records Office to add the class. Do you know where that is?

A: No, I don't know where that is.

B: The office is in front of you as you cross the quad. The signs in the hallway will tell you where you need to be.

A: I think I can find it.

B: You'll find it easily. Make sure you add the class and then we will look at the roll sheet later to make sure that you were added on.

A: Thank you for letting me add your class.

B: To drop a class, you need to do the same thing with a drop slip. Good luck!


3
 Repeat

A: I am not sure how to add a class.

B: Do you have an add sheet for me to sign? 

A: I'll bring one next time.

B: When you get the signed add slip, you must take it to the Admissions and Records Office or you will not be added. Can you find the office?

A: I think I know where it is.

B: Across the courtyard on the right is the office. Follow the signs to the correct line. Is that clear?

A: Thank you for your directions. It's clear.

B: You can't miss it. Add the class and then come back. We'll check later to make sure you are on the roll sheet.

A: That's great. Thank you so much.

B: Do the same thing with a drop slip if you ever need to drop a class. Good luck!
A: I have an appointment for 1:30.

B: What can I help you with?

A: Well, I have a problem with my class schedule.

B: What is it?

A: It seems that I've been given two classes scheduled at the same time.

B: I can understand the problem with that.

A: Is there any way that you can fix my schedule?

B: No problem, do you want those classes still?

A: Yes, I do.

B: Let me see if I can find one of these classes on another day.

A: Thank you very much. 


2
 Repeat

A: I'm here for my appointment.

B: What can I do for you today?

A: I have an issue with my schedule.

B: Tell me the problem.

A: I have two classes on here that are at the same time.

B: Oh, I see.

A: Can you change that for me?

B: Do you still want both classes?

A: Yes, I would like to keep both classes.

B: I'll try to change one to a different day.

A: I would greatly appreciate that.


3
 Repeat

A: I was supposed to meet with you at 1:30.

B: Yes, I see. What did you need to see me about?

A: There's a problem with my schedule.

B: What's the problem?

A: Two of my classes occur at the same time.

B: Well, I can see that's a problem.

A: Is it at all possible for you to fix that error?

B: Yes, I can. Would you still like to have both of these classes?

A: I want to keep both of them, if that's possible.

B: Well, let me find you one of these classes on a different day.

A: Thanks a lot.
A: Professor, I am going to need to leave class early today.

B: What is the problem?

A: I need to go to the airport to pick up a relative.

B: Are you planning on having someone take notes for you?

A: Yes, I've got that part covered.

B: When, exactly do you need to leave?

A: I don't need to leave until the very end of class.

B: Fine, but next time try and not have to miss class again.

A: Thanks, Professor. See you later!

B: See you later! Drive carefully.


2
 Repeat

A: Excuse me, Professor, I have a problem and need to leave class early.

B: Why do you have to leave early?

A: I am not feeling well.

B: Could you make it up by attending my other section this week?

A: Yes, it's all taken care of.

B: Are you leaving right away or can you stay for a few more minutes?

A: I can stay a few more minutes.

B: OK, but please make sure that you get all of your make-up work completed.

A: Thanks, Professor. I've got it covered!

B: Go do what you have to do, but make sure it doesn't happen again.


3
 Repeat

A: I am sorry, but I can't stay until the end of class.

B: Where do you need to be that is more important than school?

A: I have an appointment.

B: Do you have a plan to make up your missed work?

A: No, but I'll make sure someone helps me out this week with my missed work.

B: Are you going to go right away?

A: I am leaving right now.

B: All right, but please remember that it is your responsibility to catch up.

A: Thanks, Professor. I'll make sure everything gets taken care of.

B: Goodbye, and try not to miss any more school.
A: Excuse me, Professor. I am going to miss next week's class.

B: Is this something that you could schedule for another time?

A: No, I have to do this; it's important!

B: Have you arranged for someone to take notes for you?

A: I've made arrangements with a friend to help me.

B: You know that I only allow one absence per semester, don't you?

A: Yes, I know.

B: Write down your name and the date on a piece of paper and give it to me.

A: OK, I can do that.

B: Well, have a good day off from class.


2
 Repeat

A: Professor, I will not be here for our next class meeting.

B: Is this absolutely necessary?

A: I tried to work something out, but I really do have to miss one class.

B: Will you be able to make up the work you missed?

A: I'm going to be doing a lot of extra reading.

B: Remember that I will only let you miss one class meeting per semester.

A: Yes, I remember.

B: Could you e-mail me this week as a reminder?

A: Sure, no problem.

B: Make good use of that day off; you'll only have one this semester!
A: I'd like to talk to you about my grades.

B: Sure! What exactly do you have questions about?

A: I am worried that I messed up on a test.

B: Well, let me take a look at my grade book. How do YOU think you are doing?

A: I think I am doing great, except for that one test!

B: Well, your scores show that you could do a little better. What do you think you could improve on?

A: I think that I could study a little harder for tests.

B: Fine! Please remember that regular attendance is the most important way to begin.

A: Yes, I know.

B: I'm sure you'll do fine.


2
 Repeat

A: Could you talk to me for a few minutes about my grades?

B: Step into my office for a moment. What is your concern?

A: Am I failing?

B: Let's go on the computer to see what's up. Do you think you are doing well?

A: I am pretty sure that I am in trouble.

B: I can see that you are trying, but where do you think you could improve?

A: I missed a few classes; I need to make sure I come to school on a regular basis.

B: Having a regular study routine and following it is very important, right?

A: I'll try; it's hard!

B: Thanks for stopping by!

3
 Repeat

A: Professor, I'm concerned about my grades. Do you have a minute?

B: Of course, how can I help you?

A: I want to know if I am doing OK.

B: Let's pull out your scores so far. Do you think you are doing OK?

A: I am afraid that I might not be doing all that well.

B: I'm seeing that you are doing OK in some areas, but not so well in others.

A: I think I could take better notes and read a little more.

B: You can greatly improve your grades by always reflecting on what you can improve on.

A: I'm working on it!

B: Just do your best and I am sure that you will see improvement.
A: I was wondering how you are going to calculate our final grades.

B: Grades are based on many things: homework, attendance, quizzes, mid-term, and final.

A: What counts the most?

B: Actually I look at all of it and let's not forget class participation.

A: Do you grade on a curve or use percentages?

B: Homework, attendance, and quizzes are sixty percent; the mid-term and final are worth twenty percent each.

A: What if we miss something?

B: I will allow one unexcused absence; after that you need to contact me ahead of time.

A: Will you tell us if we are failing during the year?

B: You will be able to track your progress during the year.


2
 Repeat

A: What do you base our grades on?

B: All of your coursework is important, including everything from attendance and homework to all of your test results for the semester.

A: Does the final count the most?

B: All of it is important; please just do your best at all times.

A: How do you total our scores?

B: The final and mid-term are twenty percent each; homework, attendance, and quizzes are the rest.

A: What if we are out sick?

B: Make sure you contact me as I only allow one unexcused absence.

A: How can we know if we are doing OK during the year?

B: Your grade will not be a surprise; you will know what you need to work on.


3
 Repeat

A: How do you decide what grade we get?

B: I look at many things: attendance, quizzes, and tests.

A: What is the most important factor?

B: Obviously I look for improvement as we go along, but I would like you to do your best from the beginning.

A: How can we keep track of our grades?

B: The final and midterm are 40 percent of your grade; homework, attendance, and quizzes total 60 percent.

A: What if we can't get to school?

B: You can only miss one class without penalty.

A: If we have a major problem, will you let us know?

B: I will be letting you know during the year if you have a major problem.
A: Do you have the notes from last week's class?

B: Did you come late?

A: I couldn't make it.

B: Why is that?

A: I was sick.

B: Oh, okay. Well, here you go.

A: Are these all of them?

B: Oh, wait, here are the rest.

A: Thanks a bunch.

B: Don't mention it.


2
 Repeat

A: Do you mind if I borrow the notes from last week?

B: Were you here last week?

A: I was unable to make it.

B: How come?

A: I was sick that day, and couldn't make it.

B: Well, here are the notes.

A: Are there any more?

B: Sorry, here you go.

A: Thanks a lot.

B: No problem.


3
 Repeat

A: Let me get last week's notes.

B: Yeah, sure--you didn't come to class that day?

A: I couldn't come.

B: Why not?

A: I wasn't feeling well.

B: Here they are.

A: Thanks a lot; are these all the notes?

B: Oh, no, this is the rest.

A: Thank you very much.

B: It's no problem at all.
A: Excuse me, Professor. I think there might be an error in my test score.

B: Sure. Do you think that the total is wrong or that you got something marked wrong that should have been marked right?

A: I think that the percentage is incorrect.

B: Let's just go over all of it to double-check.

A: Sure, let's do it.

B: Here is the answer sheet. Do you see a place where I marked something wrong that should have been right?

A: I don't see any mistakes.

B: OK, now that we've gotten those straightened out, let's total the score.

A: Yes, let's total it.

B: Well, if I total that like this and divide by this number, I get this total. Do you agree?

A: Yes, you're right.

B: Well then, we are all straight. Have a good day and thanks for bringing that to my attention.


2
 Repeat

A: I was looking at my test score and think that it should be higher.

B: Is the math wrong or the way the answer was marked?

A: I think an answer got marked wrong that should have been marked right.

B: These things can happen; let's double-check the answers first to be sure, all right?

A: That would be great!

B: Look at the answer sheet and compare it to your answers. Do you see any place where I made a mistake in grading?

A: This one right here should be right.

B: Yeah, I see the same thing; now we can do the math and check that, right?

A: Yeah, let's do the math.

B: I count all of the correct answers, total them, and divide by the total. Does this look right to you?

A: Looks pretty good.

B: Thank you for caring enough to check on your scores; keep studying!


3
 Repeat

A: Could we go over some things, because I think my test score is wrong.

B: What do you think is wrong, the math or the way your answer was scored?

A: Both.

B: I am willing to take a second look because teachers make mistakes, too. Will that work for you?

A: Yeah, I'm ready.

B: Check your answers against the ones on the answer sheet and let me know where you see the mistake.

A: These look strange.

B: Yes, I agree; let's move on to the calculating of the score. Would that be OK?

A: OK, let's do the calculation.

B: We add all of these up and divide by this and that gives us this percentage.

A: I see.

B: Anytime you have a question, please feel free to ask!
A: Excuse me, Professor. I have to talk to you about why my homework didn't get done.

B: What happened that you didn't get it done?

A: I had to watch a football game instead.

B: Well, you had more than one day; couldn't you have fit it in on another day?

A: Yes, I think so.

B: Either way, I only allow one missed assignment per semester. When will you be turning the make-up in?

A: I'll make it up next week.

B: Fine, but it cannot happen again if you want an “A” in the class.

A: OK, I can do that.

B: Remember that you are in college now, not high school.


2
 Repeat

A: I don't have my homework today.

B: You usually are good about turning it in; what happened?

A: I was really sick.

B: But couldn't you have done it when you felt better?

A: Yes, I probably could.

B: You have already missed one other assignment; when can I expect the make-ups?

A: Next class meeting.

B: That will be soon enough, but make sure you get next week's assignment in as well, all right?

A: That would work for me.

B: Good. I know that you are capable of being an excellent student.


3
 Repeat

A: Let me tell you what happened to my homework.

B: OK, go ahead--what is the excuse THIS time?

A: Actually, I did it, but then it got lost.

B: Could you have gotten it done at another time?

A: Yes, I could.

B: You have never missed an assignment before--when will you be making this one up?

A: I'll make it up early next week.

B: That would work, but don't let it happen again.

A: I'll try.

B: That will solve it then. Let's work hard to not let it happen again.
A: Professor, could I make an appointment with you?

B: I am free tomorrow afternoon between two and four; do you have a particular time in mind? 

A: Two o'clock would be the best time.

B: Fine, do you know where my office is?

A: No, I'm not sure.

B: Remember, it is in the E building on the third floor.

A: I see.

B: Don't worry, it will work out fine once you get there. I'll see you then.

A: I'll see you then.

B: Looking forward to meeting with you!


2
 Repeat

A: Excuse me, Professor, is there a time when I could meet with you?

B: I could meet with you tomorrow anywhere from two until four; what time works out best?

A: I would like to come in at three o'clock.

B: I am glad that that works out; can you find my office?

A: Yes, I can.

B: Just follow the walkway to the outside and climb the stairs to the third floor.

A: I got it.

B: If you do get lost, just ask someone in the building to point the way.

A: Thank you, I'll be there.

B: If you need to cancel your appointment, please give me a call!


3
 Repeat

A: Professor, do you have a few moments when I could meet with you?

B: I schedule my appointments from two to four on Saturday; what works best for you? 

A: Three would be a good time.

B: Great, do you need directions to my office?

A: I'm not sure.

B: Well, just make sure to go through the double doors, and I'll be on the right.

A: OK, I'll find it.

B: It's very easy to find.

A: See you then.

B: I will enjoy seeing you; have a good week!
A: Could you tell me if you have ever taken a class from Dr. Miller?

B: Yes. Are you going to be taking a class from him?

A: Yes, but I have never taken his class before.

B: He is very interesting and challenging. Is that what you are looking for?

A: Yes, that's what I need.

B: He is really clear on what you need to learn to get a good grade. Are you willing to study hard?

A: Yes, I guess so.

B: What I really liked about him is that he was an understanding and friendly teacher. Do you enjoy that in a teacher?

A: Yes, I had a teacher like that before.

B: Did you know that he has 20 years teaching experience?

A: No, I didn't, but that could be a good thing.

B: Well, take a look at everything and figure out what is best for you. Good luck!


2
 Repeat

A: Do you know anything about Dr. Miller's classes?

B: Yes. Are you in his class?

A: I'm thinking of taking his class next semester.

B: He really knew his stuff, but he graded hard. Would that be OK?

A: Yes, I really need someone who is really good.

B: I didn't find it overwhelming to earn a good grade if you work at it. Can you do that?

A: Maybe, but I'm not sure.

B: Man, this guy was so funny when he was teaching. I like that, don't you?

A: No, that stuff isn't important to me.

B: Did you know that he is a fairly new teacher and very current in his field?

A: I don't care about any of that.

B: We all are looking for different things in an instructor. I hope I've helped you.


3
 Repeat

A: Would you talk to me about taking one of Dr. Miller's classes?

B: Yes. Have you ever been in one of his classes?

A: I'm thinking about taking his class next semester.

B: He was a very easy teacher. Are you thinking of taking a class with him?

A: I'm not sure because I really need to learn something, but I also worry about grades.

B: Grades are important, but don't you think that gaining the knowledge is important, too?

A: I really need to learn this stuff.

B: He made everything so interesting that the time just flew by. Do you know what I mean?

A: Yes, that sounds right for me.

B: Did you know that he came here last year after 10 years in the military?

A: Yeah, I already knew that. That could be a good thing.

B: I think you know that you have to make the best decision for you. Enjoy your year!
A: How do I buy my textbooks?

B: Do you have your book list for your class?

A: Yes, I have my list.

B: Fine. Once you have it, you can go to the bookstore. Do you know where that is?

A: Yes, I know where the bookstore is.

B: OK, so once you pass the gym, it's the first door on your left. Do you know you can also sell your used textbooks there? 

A: No, I didn't know I could do that.

B: You just take them with you and trade them with the used textbook man just outside the door. Do you think you will be doing that today?

A: Yes, I am going today.

B: Well, if you decide to go, I could meet you over there at 1:00 today or tomorrow to help you. Would that work for you?

A: Yes, thank you. That would be great.

B: Well, then, I'll talk to you later. Have a good day!


2
 Repeat

A: Where can I buy textbooks?

B: First, you need to have the list of books for your class. Do you have that?

A: Yes, I have that.

B: Well, when you have that, you can take it over to the bookstore. Can you find it?

A: No, I don't know where the bookstore is.

B: Just pass the gym and it's the first door on your left. Were you aware that you can also turn in your old textbooks for money?

A: Really? How can I do that?

B: Take your used textbooks with you and give them to the representative near the entrance. He will pay you for them. Are you going today?

A: No, I can't make it today.

B: I could help you with buying your books if you meet me there at 1:00 today or tomorrow. Would you like my help?

A: No, thanks. I'm good.

B: I'll see you later then. Have a great day!


3
 Repeat

A: Can you help me buy my textbooks?

B: There will probably be a book list in the bookstore. Do you have your class schedule handy?

A: No, I don't have that.

B: To get started, take that list over to the bookstore. Do you know where the bookstore is?

A: I am not sure where the bookstore is.

B: When you pass the gym, it'll be the first door on the left. Do you know how to sell your old textbooks for money?

A: Yes, I knew I could do that. Exactly how do I go about selling them?

B: If you give your used textbooks to the person at the booth outside the door, he will reimburse you. Can you go over there today?

A: I think maybe I could be there.

B: I am free at 1:00 today or tomorrow if you need some help. Want to meet me over there?

A: Maybe that would work.

B: I'll catch you later then. Have a wonderful morning.
A: Could you help me?

B: What do you need?

A: I can't seem to find my class.

B: What building is it in?

A: It's in the C building.

B: Oh, I know exactly where that is.

A: Do you think you can tell me where it is?

B: Sure, what room number is it?

A: It's room number 261.

B: I have a class around there right now.

A: Could you show me where it is?

B: No problem, come on.


2
 Repeat

A: Excuse me, I need your assistance.

B: Sure, what's up?

A: I have no idea where my class is.

B: Tell me which building it's in.

A: My class is in the C building.

B: I know where the C building is.

A: Do you mind telling me where it is?

B: Of course, which room number is it?

A: Number 261.

B: I actually have a class right around there.

A: Can you please show me?

B: I can do that.


3
 Repeat

A: Do you mind helping me?

B: What can I help you with?

A: I'm not sure how to find my next class.

B: Do you know what building that it's in?

A: The C building, I think.

B: Well, that's not far away.

A: Could you point me in that direction?

B: Do you know what the room number is?

A: It's C261.

B: My next class is around there.

A: Can you show it to me?

B: Sure, let's go.
A: Hello, how are you doing?

B: Pretty good, and you?

A: I'm doing great.

B: That's great to hear.

A: So how long have you been going to PCC?

B: I've been going here for a couple years now. You?

A: This is my first year.

B: How do you like it so far?

A: It's all right.

B: You don't like it?

A: I'll like it better once I finish my GE.

B: That's exactly how I used to feel.


2
 Repeat

A: How are things with you?

B: Not too bad. How about yourself?

A: Not bad.

B: I'm glad to hear that.

A: Have you been going to PCC long?

B: I've only been here two years. How about yourself?

A: I just started this year.

B: Do you like it?

A: It's fine for right now.

B: You do not like it, right?

A: Once I'm finished with my GE, it should get better.

B: I felt the same way my first year.


3
 Repeat

A: How is everything going with you? 

B: Great. You?

A: Pretty good.

B: Good for you.

A: When did you start going to PCC?

B: This is my second year. How about you?

A: I only got here this year.

B: You like it so far?

A: It's OK.

B: I can tell you don't really like it.

A: It'll get better after I finish my General Education.

B: I understand what you mean.
A: How may I help you today?

B: I need to make some copies.

A: The copier is right over there.

B: Does it cost to use it?

A: We do charge to use the machine.

B: How much does it cost?

A: We charge ten cents a copy.

B: How many copies am I allowed to make?

A: There is no limit to how many copies you can make.

B: Would you mind showing me how to use it?

A: Please read the instructions on the copier.

B: Oh, okay. Thanks.


2
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you?

B: I would like to use the copy machine.

A: The machine is over there.

B: Do I have to pay to use the machine?

A: Yes, you will have to pay to use it.

B: How much?

A: It costs ten cents a copy.

B: Am I limited to a certain number of copies?

A: You can copy as much as you'd like.

B: Could you show me how to use the copier?

A: The instructions for the copier are posted on it.

B: That's fabulous. Thank you.


3
 Repeat

A: May I help you?

B: I need to copy some pages in my book.

A: The copier is right over there, in the corner.

B: Do I need to pay to use it?

A: You have to pay to use the copier.

B: How much do you charge?

A: You need to pay ten cents for every copy.

B: Is there a maximum number of copies I can make?

A: You can make as many copies as you want.

B: I'm going to need you to show me how to use the machine.

A: There are instructions posted on the copier.

B: Thank you for your help.
A: What can I do for you today?

B: I would like to use a computer.

A: Do you have your library card?

B: I sure do.

A: There is a wait for the computers.

B: That's all right.

A: You need to print your name on this list.

B: Okay. Now what?

A: Once a computer is available, I will let you know.

B: How am I supposed to log on to the computer?

A: All you do is type in the number on the back of your card.

B: That's it? Thank you very much.


2
 Repeat

A: How may I help you?

B: I need to get on the Internet.

A: Do you have your library card with you?

B: Yes, I have it.

A: You're going to have to wait for a computer.

B: That's okay.

A: Please put your name on this list.

B: Then what do I need to do?

A: When there is a computer available, I will call you.

B: What do I do to log on to the computer?

A: Just type in the number on the back of your library card.

B: Okay. Thanks for your help.


3
 Repeat

A: What do you need?

B: I need to use the Internet.

A: You have your library card, right?

B: Yes, I do.

A: There is a wait right now to use the computers.

B: That's fine.

A: Would you please write your name on this list?

B: Then what?

A: I will call you when a computer is free.

B: How do I log on to the computer?

A: Use the number on the back of your library card.

B: Thanks. I'll be sitting over there.
A: How may I help you?

B: I need to return these books.

A: Give them here.

B: Here they are.

A: It appears these books are two weeks late.

B: I forgot they were due.

A: You do realize you are going to have to pay late fees, right?

B: How much is the late fee?

A: The late fee is 25 cents a day.

B: So I have to pay 25 cents for each day the books are late?

A: It's 25 cents for each book.

B: That's a lot of money.


2
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you?

B: I'm returning these books.

A: Let me have them.

B: Here are all of them.

A: These books are two weeks late.

B: I didn't have time to return them.

A: You're going to have to pay late fees.

B: How much?

A: 25 cents a day.

B: 25 cents a day?

A: That means 25 cents for each late book.

B: That's expensive.


3
 Repeat

A: May I help you with something?

B: I would like to return some books.

A: I'll take them.

B: Here you go.

A: These books were due two weeks ago.

B: Yeah. I totally forgot they were due.

A: You will need to pay late fees on these books.

B: How much are the late fees?

A: The fee is 25 cents every day.

B: I have to pay 25 cents a day?

A: And that's for each book that is late.

B: That shouldn't be a problem
A: How may I help you?

B: I need to return these books. 

A: What happened to this one?

B: The cover came off.

A: You're going to need to pay for the damage.

B: How much are you talking?

A: It's going to be five dollars.

B: That's not bad at all.

A: It really isn't.

B: Here you go.

A: Thank you very much.

B: You're welcome. Have a nice day.


2
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you?

B: I am returning these books.

A: What did you do to this book?

B: I accidentally ripped the cover.

A: You will need to pay for the damage.

B: How much do I need to pay?

A: I'm going to need five dollars.

B: That's not too expensive.

A: It isn't.

B: Here's the five dollars.

A: Thank you.

B: No problem. Have a good one.


3
 Repeat

A: May I help you with something?

B: I would like to return these books.

A: What happened to this book?

B: I dropped it, and the cover tore off.

A: I'm going to have to charge you for the damage.

B: How much?

A: It's only five dollars.

B: That's not too bad.

A: I know it's not.

B: Here's the money for the book.

A: Thank you for your payment.

B: You are very welcome
A: What can I do for you today?

B: I need to return a book.

A: Can I do anything else for you?

B: I would also like to check out this video.

A: Is that all?

B: Yes, just the video.

A: May I see your library card?

B: Here you go.

A: You have to take care of this video.

B: Oh, I will.

A: You will be fined if you damage it.

B: I understand. Thank you very much.


2
 Repeat

A: May I help you?

B: I'm returning a book.

A: Do you need anything else?

B: I also need to check out this video.

A: This is all you want to check out?

B: Just the video.

A: I'm going to need your library card.

B: I have it right here.

A: You'll need to take care of the video.

B: I will.

A: We will fine you if you damage it.

B: I get it. Thank you.


3
 Repeat

A: How may I help you?

B: I would like to return this book.

A: Is that all you need?

B: I also want to check out this video.

A: Is that all you would like to check out?

B: That's all I need.

A: Do you have your library card?

B: Here it is.

A: Make sure to take proper care of this video.

B: That won't be a problem.

A: If you damage the video, you will be fined.

B: I won't damage it.
A: What can I do for you today?

B: I need to return a book.

A: Can I do anything else for you?

B: I want to check this magazine out.

A: We don't allow people to check out magazines.

B: Why not?

A: It's just a policy of ours.

B: So what am I allowed to check out?

A: You may check out books or videos.

B: I need to check out this magazine.

A: You will have to just read it in the library.

B: That doesn't make any sense.


2
 Repeat

A: How may I help you?

B: I want to return this video.

A: Is that all you need?

B: I also need to check this magazine out.

A: You're not allowed to do that.

B: I don't understand.

A: It's our policy.

B: What can I check out?

A: Only books or videos.

B: I need this magazine.

A: You will have to read it here.

B: That's weird.


3
 Repeat

A: May I help you?

B: I would like to return this book.

A: May I do anything else for you?

B: I would also like to check out this magazine.

A: I can't let you do that.

B: Why is that?

A: Our policy doesn't allow anyone to check out the magazines.

B: What things am I allowed to check out?

A: You are only allowed to check out books or videos.

B: I really need to check out this magazine.

A: I'm sorry, but that's our policy.

B: That's stupid.
A: What can I do for you today?

B: I need to return a book.

A: Can I do anything else for you?

B: I want to check these books out.

A: Is that all?

B: That's all.

A: May I see your library card, please?

B: It's right here.

A: Will that be all for today?

B: Yes. That's it.

A: These are due back in two weeks.

B: All right. Have a good night.


2
 Repeat

A: How may I help you?

B: I want to return this video.

A: Is that all you need?

B: I also need to check these books out.

A: Anything else?

B: That's everything.

A: I need your library card.

B: I have it. Here you go.

A: Do you need anything else?

B: That's everything.

A: Your books are due back two weeks from today.

B: Thank you. Good night.


3
 Repeat

A: May I help you?

B: I would like to return this book.

A: May I do anything else for you?

B: I would also like to check out these books.

A: Will that be all?

B: That's it.

A: Do you have your library card?

B: Oh, yeah. Here you go.

A: Will that be all for today?

B: That'll be all.

A: Your books are due back in two weeks.

B: Thanks. Have a good one
A: What can I do for you?

B: I am trying to find this book.

A: What's the problem?

B: It doesn't seem like this library has it.

A: Have you checked the computer?

B: I have already.

A: What did it say?

B: It says the book is on the shelf, but I didn't find it there.

A: I can always borrow the book from another library.

B: You can do that?

A: I'll make the call and contact you when it gets in.

B: That's fantastic. Thank you.


2
 Repeat

A: May I help you?

B: I would like to find this book.

A: Is there a problem?

B: I don't think you guys have it.

A: You should look it up on our computer.

B: I did that.

A: What came up?

B: It should be on the shelf, but I didn't see it.

A: I can try to get the book from a different library.

B: I didn't know you could do that.

A: I will call you when I find it.

B: I appreciate your help.


3
 Repeat

A: Do you need help with something?

B: I'm looking for this book.

A: Is there something wrong?

B: I don't see it on the shelf.

A: Did you check the computer?

B: I already looked.

A: Did it say anything?

B: It said that the book is on the shelf, but it isn't.

A: I'm sure I can get it from another library.

B: Could you do that?

A: I'll let you know when I get the book in.

B: That's great. Thank you so much
A: How may I help you?

B: I need to check these books out.

A: Do you have your library card?

B: Here it is.

A: It appears that you have late fees.

B: Really?

A: Yes, really.

B: How much do I owe?

A: You owe $24.50 in late fees.

B: I don't have that much today.

A: I'm sorry, but until you pay it, you won't be able to check out any more books.

B: I'll pay it as soon as possible.


2
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you?

B: I want to check out these books.

A: I need your library card.

B: I have it right here.

A: It seems you have late fees.

B: Are you sure?

A: Yes, I'm sure.

B: How much?

A: Your late fees come to $24.50.

B: I don't have that right now.

A: You have to pay it off before you can check out more books.

B: I'll do that soon.


3
 Repeat

A: May I help you?

B: I would like to check out these books.

A: May I see your library card, please?

B: Yes. Here you go.

A: Apparently, you have unpaid late fees.

B: I do?

A: You owe some money.

B: Exactly how much do I owe?

A: You owe $24.50.

B: I won't be able to pay that right now.

A: Until you pay it, you can't check out books.

B: I will pay it. Don't worry
A: How may I help you?

B: I couldn't find the book I was looking for.

A: Have you checked the database?

B: I checked.

A: Was it on the shelf?

B: It should have been, but it wasn't.

A: Maybe someone took it.

B: Will you be getting another copy anytime soon?

A: I'm sure we will.

B: Would you be able to reserve it for me?

A: I sure will.

B: Thank you very much.


2
 Repeat

A: May I help you?

B: I can't find the book I want.

A: Why don't you try looking at the database?

B: I checked it already.

A: Do we have it available?

B: It wasn't there.

A: I guess it is lost.

B: Will you be getting another copy?

A: Yes, we will.

B: Could you reserve a copy for me?

A: I can do that.

B: That's great. Thanks a lot.


3
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you?

B: I was looking for a book, but I couldn't find it.

A: Did you check our database to see if it was on the shelf?

B: I already did.

A: Is it on the shelf?

B: I didn't see it.

A: Apparently somebody took that book out of the library.

B: Will you ever get another copy?

A: We will definitely be getting another.

B: Could you please reserve it for me?

A: That won't be a problem.

B: Thanks. I really appreciate that.
A: How are you doing today?

B: Good. Thanks for asking.

A: What may I do for you?

B: I need help with something.

A: What do you need help with?

B: I am looking for a newspaper article.

A: Have you looked in the periodicals?

B: I didn't even think about that.

A: I can show you where they are.

B: That would be a lot of help.

A: Follow me, please.

B: Thank you so much.


2
 Repeat

A: How are you?

B: I'm great. Thanks.

A: Did you need something?

B: I need your help.

A: How may I help you?

B: I need to find this newspaper article.

A: Have you checked the periodicals section yet?

B: I forgot about that section.

A: If you'd like, I can show you where to find it.

B: Could you do that?

A: Follow me.

B: Thank you for all your help.


3
 Repeat

A: How's it going?

B: I'm fine. Thank you.

A: Do you need anything?

B: I need you to help me.

A: What can I do for you?

B: I am looking for an article in a newspaper.

A: Did you check the periodicals?

B: I didn't even bother to think of that.

A: I'll show you where to find your article.

B: I get lost in this library.

A: It's right this way.

B: Thanks a lot for your help.
A: What can I help you with today?

B: When does the library close?

A: The library closes at six o'clock.

B: Does it close at that time every day?

A: Not always.

B: Is the library open on Saturdays?

A: Yes.

B: What time do you open and close on Saturday?

A: The hours are from 9 am to 6:30 pm.

B: Okay. Thank you very much.

A: Do you need anything else?

B: No, that's all. Thanks.


2
 Repeat

A: May I help you?

B: What time will the library be closing?

A: It closes at six.

B: Does it always close at six?

A: No, not every day.

B: Will the library be open on Saturday?

A: Absolutely.

B: What are your hours on Saturday?

A: Saturday's hours are from nine in the morning to six-thirty at night.

B: All right. Thank you.

A: What else can I help you with?

B: That's it. Thank you.


3
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you?

B: I need to know what time the library closes.

A: The library will be closing at six.

B: Does it close at six every day?

A: No, it doesn't.

B: Are you guys open on Saturdays?

A: Yes, we're open on Saturdays.

B: What time does the library open and close on Saturday?

A: We open at 9 am and close at 6:30 pm.

B: That's cool.

A: Can I help you with anything else?

B: That's everything. Thanks.
A: What may I do for you?

B: I need to get a passport.

A: You will need to apply for one.

B: When will I be able to do that?

A: You can do it right now, if you'd like.

B: That's fine.

A: Please fill out this application.

B: Then what do I do?

A: I just need to take your picture.

B: How long will it take for my passport to be ready?

A: You will get it in a few weeks.

B: That's perfect.


2
 Repeat

A: How may I help you?

B: I want to get a passport.

A: You need to apply for a passport.

B: When can I apply for it?

A: You can apply right now.

B: I'd like to do that.

A: Fill this out, please.

B: What's next?

A: I will need to take your passport picture.

B: When will my passport be ready?

A: It will take about three weeks.

B: That's great. Thank you.


3
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you?

B: I need a passport.

A: You can apply for one here.

B: When can I do that?

A: If you like, you can apply right now.

B: That would be great.

A: I'm going to need you to complete this application.

B: What else do I have to do?

A: Then I will take your picture for your passport.

B: How long will it take?

A: Your passport will be ready in a few weeks.

B: Thank you. That's perfect timing
A: What can I help you with today?

B: I need to check out this book.

A: Do you have your library card?

B: I don't have one.

A: Would you like to apply for one right now?

B: That's fine.

A: I'm going to need you to fill out the application.

B: All right. All done.

A: All right, now please sign the back of the card.

B: Okay. I've signed it.

A: That's all there is to it.

B: Great. Now can I check out this book?


2
 Repeat

A: May I help you?

B: Could I check out this book?

A: Let me see your library card.

B: I need to get one.

A: You can apply for one right now, if you'd like.

B: Okay. Let me do that right now.

A: Could you fill out this application?

B: I'm finished. Here you go.

A: Could you please sign the back of the card?

B: All right.

A: That's it.

B: Now may I check this book out?


3
 Repeat

A: What do you need?

B: I would like to check out a book.

A: I'm going to need your library card.

B: I don't have a library card.

A: Why don't you apply for one right now?

B: Sure. That would be great.

A: Please fill out this application.

B: Okay. Here you go.

A: Now, sign your name on the back of the card.

B: Here you go.

A: Here's your library card.

B: Thanks. Now I'd like to check out this book
A: What may I help you with?

B: I need to file a complaint.

A: What is your complaint about?

B: I got robbed.

A: When did this happen?

B: It happened this morning.

A: What was taken?

B: My wallet and cell phone.

A: Did you get a good look at the person who robbed you?

B: I sure did.

A: Would you able to pick him out of a line-up?

B: That shouldn't be a problem.


2
 Repeat

A: May I help you?

B: I want to file a complaint.

A: What's the problem?

B: A man robbed me today.

A: When?

B: I was robbed this morning.

A: What did he take?

B: He took my phone and my wallet.

A: Did you see his face?

B: I saw him perfectly.

A: Could you pick him out of a line-up?

B: I could do that.


3
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you?

B: I would like to file a complaint.

A: What happened?

B: I was robbed.

A: When did this happen?

B: It happened this morning.

A: What was taken from you?

B: My wallet and my cell phone.

A: Were you able to get a look at this person's face?

B: Yes, I was.

A: Would you be able to pick him out of a line-up?

B: That would be easy.
A: What can I help you with?

B: I need to hire you.

A: What do you need me for?

B: I need you for my court date.

A: What kind of case do you have?

B: I'm being charged with a felony.

A: I can help you with that.

B: What is your price?

A: I charge $150 an hour.

B: I can't afford that.

A: That's my rate.

B: That's expensive, but I need you.


2
 Repeat

A: How may I help you?

B: I would like you to be my lawyer.

A: What can I do for you?

B: I'm going on trial.

A: What is your trial about?

B: It's a felony charge.

A: I'd be glad to help.

B: How much do you charge?

A: My rate is $150 an hour.

B: That's highway robbery.

A: I don't know what to tell you.

B: Okay. You're hired.


3
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you?

B: I'm in need of your services.

A: What do you need me for?

B: I have a court date coming up.

A: What are you being charged with?

B: It's the felony charge.

A: I'm willing to provide my services.

B: What's your rate?

A: I work for $150 an hour.

B: That's too high.

A: That's what I charge.

B: I'll hire you anyway.
A: What is your case against the police?

B: They arrested me for nothing.

A: What do you mean?

B: They weren't supposed to arrest me.

A: Didn't they let you go?

B: They didn't let me go until the next morning.

A: So they kept you at the station?

B: They sure did.

A: Did they tell you why they arrested you?

B: I matched the description of a robbery suspect.

A: I understand.

B: I want to take them to court.


2
 Repeat

A: What case do you have against the police?

B: I want to take them to court for arresting me.

A: I don't understand.

B: There was no reason for them to arrest me.

A: They let you go, didn't they?

B: They released me the next morning.

A: They detained you at the station?

B: That's exactly what they did.

A: Why did they arrest you?

B: They said I matched the description of a robber.

A: I get it now.

B: I'm definitely taking them to court.


3
 Repeat

A: Why do you want to take the police to court?

B: They arrested me without probable cause.

A: They did?

B: They had no reason for arresting me.

A: I thought they let you go.

B: Yes, the next morning.

A: They made you spend the night at the station?

B: Yes, they did.

A: What was their reason for arresting you?

B: I matched the description of a bank robber they were looking for.

A: I see.

B: I want justice.
A: You're free to go.

B: That's great.

A: What are your plans now that you're getting out?

B: I want to go back to school.

A: What is your major going to be?

B: I haven't decided yet.

A: I hope I don't ever see you back in here.

B: I'm never coming back.

A: This really isn't the place for you.

B: I realize that.

A: Good luck out there.

B: Thanks. Things are going to be different now.


2
 Repeat

A: You're free to leave.

B: I'm so excited.

A: What are you planning on doing now?

B: I'm going back to college.

A: What are you going to major in?

B: I haven't thought about it yet.

A: I don't want to see you back here.

B: You won't see me here again.

A: I don't think this place is for you.

B: I know.

A: I wish you luck.

B: Thanks. I know things are going to be better.


3
 Repeat

A: You're all set to leave.

B: I can't believe it.

A: What are your plans?

B: I plan on going back to school.

A: What will your major be?

B: I'm not sure yet, but I plan to do good things.

A: You don't have plans to end up back here, do you?

B: I have no plans on being back.

A: You don't belong here.

B: That's true.

A: Good luck with your life.

B: I'm going to be fine
A: Order in the court! 

B: I would like to make my plea.

A: What is it? 

B: I would like to plead not guilty.

A: You do realize that all the evidence points to you?

B: I know. But I did not do it.

A: How do you figure that?

B: I didn't commit the crime.

A: Do you know who did?

B: If I tell you who did, will you release me?

A: I'm sure we can work out some kind of deal.

B: I'll tell you all you need to know.


2
 Repeat

A: Order!

B: Your Honor, I am ready to make my plea.

A: What's your plea?

B: I am pleading not guilty.

A: But all the evidence points to you.

B: I am not the guilty party

A: What are you saying?

B: I am not the person who committed that crime.

A: Who is?

B: Will you let me go if I tell you?

A: We can work something out.

B: I have no problem singing like a canary.


3
 Repeat

A: I need order in the court!

B: I am ready to make my plea.

A: What do you plead?

B: I plead not guilty.

A: All the evidence indicates that you are guilty.

B: I realize that, but I am not guilty.

A: Is that right?

B: I had nothing to do with the crime that was committed.

A: Who is the guilty party?

B: I'll tell you if you let me go.

A: I'd be glad to make a deal with you.

B: I am willing to tell you that information
A: Do you know why I pulled you over?

B: I have no idea.

A: Your left brake light is out.

B: I was not aware of that.

A: I'm going to have to write you a ticket.

B: You can't give me a break?

A: I'm just doing my job.

B: How much is the ticket for?

A: You will get that information in court.

B: I have to go to court?

A: That's right.

B: Fine. Give me the ticket.


2
 Repeat

A: Do you have any idea why I pulled you over today?

B: I'm not sure.

A: One of your brake lights is out.

B: Really? I'm sorry. I did not know that.

A: I'm going to give you a ticket.

B: Why can't you just let me off with a warning?

A: It's just a ticket.

B: How much is the fine?

A: The judge will let you know.

B: I have to be at court?

A: Of course.

B: All right. Just give me the ticket.


3
 Repeat

A: Are you aware of the reason why I pulled you over?

B: No, sir.

A: I pulled you over because your brake light is out.

B: I'm sorry. I did not know that.

A: I have to write you a ticket.

B: Can't you give me a warning?

A: I'm not going to be able to do that.

B: How much will the fine be?

A: You'll find that out on your court date.

B: I have to go to court over a brake light?

A: That's how it works.

B: Can I have the ticket, please
A: I don't understand why I'm being arrested.

B: You have a warrant.

A: A warrant for what?

B: Apparently, you have a bench warrant.

A: What does that mean?

B: You missed a court appearance.

A: I wasn't aware that I had to go to court.

B: I don't know what to tell you.

A: I don't find this fair.

B: Life isn't fair.

A: Don't I have any rights?

B: You have the right to remain silent.


2
 Repeat

A: Why are you arresting me?

B: There is a warrant out for your arrest.

A: What kind of warrant?

B: You have a bench warrant.

A: What is that?

B: Have you missed a court date?

A: I never went to court.

B: I can't help you.

A: This is unfair.

B: A lot of things aren't fair. That's life.

A: I have rights, don't I?

B: You have the right to an attorney.


3
 Repeat

A: Why am I being arrested?

B: You have a warrant out for your arrest.

A: I don't have a warrant.

B: My computer shows that you have a bench warrant.

A: I don't know what a bench warrant is.

B: You apparently missed a court appearance.

A: I was never told to go to court.

B: There's nothing I can do about that.

A: This isn't fair.

B: That's life.

A: What about my rights?

B: Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law
A: Were you around when the robbery happened?

B: Yes, I was.

A: Could you explain what you saw?

B: I was in the bank at the time of the robbery.

A: What did you see?

B: I saw a man come in with a gun.

A: Did you see his face?

B: No. He had a mask on.

A: Did he come in with anyone else?

B: He was by himself.

A: Would you come down to the station for further questioning?

B: That shouldn't be a problem.


2
 Repeat

A: Did you see the robbery?

B: I sure did.

A: Did you see everything?

B: I was in the bank at the time.

A: What exactly did you see?

B: I saw the guy come in with a gun.

A: Did you get a good look at his face?

B: He was wearing a mask.

A: Was anyone else with him?

B: He came in alone.

A: Could you come to the station for more questioning?

B: That'll be fine.


3
 Repeat

A: Were you at the scene during the robbery?

B: Yes, I was, Officer.

A: Were you able to see a lot?

B: I was there as it happened.

A: What happened?

B: The robber came in with a gun.

A: Could you see his face?

B: He had a mask over his face.

A: Was he with someone else?

B: He was alone.

A: Would you be willing to come down to the station for further questioning?

B: I would be happy to.
A: Did you get a good look at the suspect?

B: I got a great look at him.

A: Do you think you could pick him out of a line-up?

B: I can do that.

A: Could you please look at the five men in this line-up?

B: All right.

A: Do you recognize the suspect?

B: He's there.

A: What number?

B: He's number four.

A: Thank you very much for your cooperation.

B: I'm glad to help.


2
 Repeat

A: Did you see who the suspect was?

B: I got a perfect look at the suspect.

A: Would you be able to pick him out of a line-up?

B: That'll be easy.

A: Please take a careful look at these five men.

B: Okay.

A: Is the suspect in this line-up?

B: I see him.

A: Which number is he?

B: The suspect is number four.

A: Your cooperation is very much appreciated.

B: I'm happy to be of assistance.


3
 Repeat

A: Were you able to get a look at the suspect's face?

B: Yes. I know exactly what he looks like.

A: I must ask you to pick him out of a line-up.

B: That won't be a problem.

A: Look closely at the five men in this line-up.

B: I am looking.

A: Do you see the suspect?

B: Yes. He's in the line-up.

A: What number is the suspect?

B: Number four.

A: Thank you for all your help.

B: It was no problem at all
A: Did you hear about the robbery?

B: Did I hear about it? I saw it happen.

A: Are you serious?

B: I was there.

A: What happened?

B: A man came into the bank with a gun.

A: That's insane.

B: I was so scared when I saw the gun.

A: Then what happened?

B: He took the money and tried to get away.

A: Did the cops show up in time?

B: He didn't even make it out the door.


2
 Repeat

A: Have you heard about the robbery?

B: I saw the whole thing happen.

A: For real?

B: I was in the bank during the robbery.

A: What went down?

B: Some dude came into the bank with a gun.

A: Are you serious?

B: When he pulled out the gun, I got so scared.

A: Tell me what else happened.

B: He got the money and tried to leave.

A: Did the cops get him?

B: The cops arrested him before he could even make it out the door.


3
 Repeat

A: Did you hear anything about the robbery?

B: I watched it happen.

A: Really?

B: Yes. I was right there.

A: What did you see?

B: This guy tried to rob the bank.

A: I can't believe it.

B: I was really scared when he pulled the gun out.

A: What happened next?

B: He tried to leave with the money.

A: Did he get caught?

B: They caught him before he could walk through the front door
A: 911. How may I help you?

B: I need to report a break-in.

A: When did this break-in occur?

B: Last night.

A: Where did the break-in happen?

B: It happened at my house.

A: Was anything taken?

B: I'm not sure yet.

A: What makes you think there was a break-in?

B: My front window was busted.

A: I'll send a squad car.

B: Please hurry.


2
 Repeat

A: 911. What can I do for you?

B: I am reporting a break-in.

A: When did it happen?

B: It happened last night.

A: Where did it happen?

B: It happened at my house.

A: What was taken?

B: I don't know.

A: How do you know there was a break-in?

B: Someone busted my window.

A: I will send a squad car to your house right now.

B: Please do.


3
 Repeat

A: 911 emergency. What is the problem?

B: I would like to report a break-in.

A: When was this break-in?

B: I believe it happened last night.

A: Where was the break-in?

B: It happened at my house.

A: Was anything stolen?

B: I haven't checked yet.

A: Why do you think there was a break-in?

B: My front window was broken.

A: We'll send a squad car shortly.

B: I'd appreciate that.
A: Are you okay?

B: No.

A: What's wrong?

B: I got robbed!

A: By who?

B: Some guy on the street just mugged me.

A: Are you hurt?

B: No, he just stole all of my things.

A: That's crazy.

B: I need to go to the police station.

A: Do you want me to take you?

B: That would be great. Thank you.


2
 Repeat

A: Is everything all right?

B: Not at all.

A: What's the problem?

B: Someone just robbed me.

A: What do you mean?

B: This guy just robbed me right on the street.

A: He didn't hurt you, did he?

B: I'm okay. He just stole my things.

A: I'm so sorry.

B: I have to file a report at the police station.

A: Let me take you.

B: I would like that.


3
 Repeat

A: Are you all right?

B: No, I'm not.

A: What's going on?

B: I was just robbed!

A: Are you serious?

B: Someone just robbed me.

A: Did he hurt you?

B: He took all my things, but he didn't hurt me.

A: I can't believe that.

B: I need to make a statement at the police station.

A: I'll take you, if you'd like.

B: Thanks. You're very kind
A: Did you hear about the robbery?

B: No, I didn't hear about it.

A: A man tried to rob our bank today.

B: Are you serious?

A: Yes, he tried to rob the bank at gunpoint.

B: Did anyone get hurt?

A: Nobody got hurt.

B: That's good to hear.

A: He did get away, though.

B: That is horrible.

A: The cops don't know who the guy is.

B: I'm sure they'll catch him eventually.


2
 Repeat

A: Have you heard about the robbery?

B: What robbery?

A: Some guy attempted to rob our bank earlier today.

B: That's insane!

A: He tried to rob the bank at gunpoint.

B: Is everyone okay?

A: He didn't hurt anyone.

B: I'm glad to hear that.

A: I heard he got away.

B: That's not good.

A: The police don't know who the suspect is.

B: They'll figure it out.


3
 Repeat

A: Did you know there was a robbery?

B: I haven't heard anything about it.

A: Some dude tried to rob our bank.

B: Really? That's crazy!

A: He tried to rob the bank with a gun.

B: What happened?

A: Most important, no one got injured.

B: That's great.

A: Sadly, he did get away.

B: That's bad news.

A: The police have no idea who this man is.

B: They'll catch him
A: Have you seen the news today?

B: Not yet. What happened?

A: Did you know there was a blackout last night?

B: Yes, I heard the lights were out all night.

A: Some people decided to loot last night.

B: I don't understand.

A: They took advantage of the blackout.

B: They really started looting?

A: Yes, apparently four stores were broken into.

B: Did the looters get caught?

A: There was no evidence of who did it.

B: Hopefully we won't have any more blackouts.


2
 Repeat

A: Did you see the news today?

B: I haven't had a chance to see it.

A: You know about the blackout last night, right?

B: The lights were out everywhere.

A: A bunch of people went looting last night.

B: They what?

A: They took full advantage of the lights being out.

B: That's crazy.

A: The news reported that four stores were broken into.

B: Were the looters found?

A: The police don't know who did it.

B: I hope this doesn't happen again.


3
 Repeat

A: Have you watched today's news?

B: No, I haven't. What's going on?

A: Did you hear about last night's blackout?

B: Yes. The lights were out all night.

A: Some people went looting because of the blackout.

B: What do you mean?

A: People decided to use the blackout to their advantage.

B: People went out and looted?

A: I guess they broke into about four stores.

B: Did the police find who did it?

A: There's no evidence of who it was.

B: I hope we don't have any more blackouts
A: Did you just move into town?

B: I moved in almost a month ago.

A: How many children do you have?

B: I have one child.

A: How old is your child?

B: She's seven years old.

A: So she's a second grader.

B: That's correct.

A: I believe we do still have room for her.

B: That's great news.

A: Let's get started with all the paperwork.

B: The sooner I get her enrolled the better.


2
 Repeat

A: Are you new in town?

B: I've only been in town for about a month.

A: How many kids do you have?

B: Right now I just have one.

A: How old?

B: She is seven.

A: She should be in the second grade.

B: Exactly.

A: We have enough room for her.

B: I'm glad to hear that.

A: Let's begin filling out the paperwork.

B: That would be great.


3
 Repeat

A: Did you just move here?

B: Yes, I moved in about a month ago.

A: Do you have a lot of kids?

B: I only have one child.

A: What's your child's age?

B: She just turned seven.

A: So, she'll be in the second grade right now.

B: Yup. She's a second grader.

A: I do have a class that I can place her in.

B: That's wonderful.

A: We can get started on the paperwork now if you'd like.

B: Perfect. I'd like to get her enrolled as soon as possible
A: Here we are!

B: Hurray! We finally made it to the park.

A: What do you want to play on first?

B: I want to go on the slide.

A: All right, but be careful.

B: I'm having so much fun.

A: Did you like the slide?

B: I slid down it fast.

A: Now what do you want to do?

B: I want to go on the swings.

A: Would you like me to push you?

B: No. I can do it myself.


2
 Repeat

A: We made it!

B: Great! There so much I want to play on.

A: What do you want to do first?

B: Let's go down the slide.

A: Make sure you're careful.

B: This is great!

A: How'd you like the slide?

B: The slide was so much fun.

A: What would you like to do next?

B: I want to swing.

A: I'll push you if you want me to.

B: I don't need your help. I can do it.


3
 Repeat

A: We're here!

B: I want to go play!

A: What do you want to do first?

B: I want to go down the slide.

A: Don't run, and be careful.

B: I will. This is so much fun.

A: Did you enjoy the slide?

B: Yes. It was great. I went so fast.

A: What else do you want to play on?

B: Swinging would be fun.

A: Do you want me to push you?

B: I can do it by myself. Watch me
A: It's such a beautiful day.

B: It's a perfect day to take a walk in the park.

A: I think so too.

B: The sky is so clear, and you can see the mountains perfectly.

A: Check out those red roses.

B: You can tell that it's the spring.

A: That's because everything's in bloom right now.

B: Look! That man's selling ice cream.

A: Do you want to go get one?

B: That sounds so good.

A: It'll be my treat.

B: That's very nice of you.


2
 Repeat

A: It's really pretty today.

B: This is the best time to take a stroll through the park.

A: I feel the same exact way.

B: Look how nice the mountains look today.

A: Aren't the budding roses beautiful?

B: It's obviously spring.

A: All the flowers are blooming.

B: There's a man selling ice cream.

A: Would you like one?

B: Yes, I'd like one.

A: I'll get it for you.

B: You're so sweet. Thank you.


3
 Repeat

A: What a nice day!

B: I'm glad we decided to walk today.

A: I agree.

B: I can't believe how clear the sky is right now.

A: I know, and look how pretty those roses are.

B: You can tell it's springtime.

A: The flowers are blooming so beautifully this year.

B: I think that guy is selling ice cream.

A: Should we get an ice cream cone?

B: I would love some ice cream right now.

A: I'll pay for it.

B: Thank you. That's so nice
A: Where do you need to go?

B: To PCC.

A: I can take you there.

B: How long is the ride?

A: It's going to take me about 25 minutes to get there.

B: Can you get me there faster?

A: That's as fast as I can get there.

B: Fine. How much will this ride be?

A: It may cost you more because of the traffic.

B: Are you serious?

A: Yes, but I'll take you there for $30.

B: That's fine. Thank you very much.


2
 Repeat

A: Where would you like me to take you?

B: I need you to take me to PCC.

A: I can do that.

B: How long will it take you to get from here to PCC?

A: It'll be about 25 minutes.

B: You can't get there any faster than that?

A: That's as quick as I can do it.

B: How much are you going to charge me?

A: The traffic is going to cause you to pay more.

B: You can't be serious.

A: I'll take you to PCC for $30.

B: I can live with that.


3
 Repeat

A: Where am I taking you?

B: I need to go to PCC.

A: That's no problem.

B: How long is it going to take you?

A: With traffic it'll take 25 minutes.

B: Do you think you can get there quicker?

A: I can't get there any faster.

B: How much will the fare be?

A: It will be more, because there's traffic.

B: That's crazy.

A: If you give me $30, I'll take you there.

B: How kind of you. Thank you so much
A: Could you help me with something?

B: What can I help you with?

A: I need help finding a book.

B: What book are you looking for?

A: A book on reptiles.

B: Most of our animal books would be found in the children's section.

A: Where would I find the rest of them?

B: You'd find them in the science section.

A: Could you show me which direction they're in?

B: Which direction for what?

A: The science section, please.

B: Sure I can. Right this way.


2
 Repeat

A: I need your help.

B: How may I help you?

A: I need to find a book.

B: Which book is it?

A: I need to find a reptile book.

B: You'll find most of our reptile books in the children's section.

A: Where are the rest of the books located?

B: The rest are in the science section.

A: Please show me where that section is.

B: Which section?

A: The science section.

B: It's right this way.


3
 Repeat

A: Will you help me, please?

B: What do you need?

A: I'm looking for a book.

B: What book would you like?

A: It's a book on reptiles.

B: Some of those books would be found in our children's section.

A: And the rest?

B: The rest can be found in the science section.

A: Could you point me in that direction?

B: Point you in which direction?

A: Could you point me in the direction of the science section?

B: Follow me, please
A: Are you looking for something?

B: I'm trying to find the library.

A: How long have you been trying to find it?

B: I've been looking for it for a while now.

A: I can help you find it if you want help.

B: I would like that.

A: Do you know where the movie theater is?

B: Yeah, I know where that is.

A: You'll find the library right around the corner.

B: Are you serious?

A: Yes, you can't miss it.

B: I know exactly where it is now.


2
 Repeat

A: Are you lost?

B: I can't find the library.

A: How long have you been looking?

B: I've been trying to find it for a while now.

A: Would you like my help?

B: That would be great.

A: Have you seen the movie theater?

B: I know where the movie theater is.

A: The library is on the same block as the movie theater.

B: Really?

A: There's no way you can miss it.

B: I've got it now.


3
 Repeat

A: What are you looking for?

B: I have been looking everywhere for the library.

A: How long have you been looking for it?

B: I've been searching for the library for an hour.

A: I can help you.

B: I would really appreciate your help.

A: You do know how to find the movie theater, right?

B: I've found that already.

A: The library is right around the corner from the theater.

B: Is that right?

A: There's no way that you'll miss it.

B: I can figure it out now
A: Could you help me with something?

B: What did you need help with?

A: I need to find the mall.

B: You don't know where it is?

A: No, and I've been looking everywhere for it.

B: It's in the same place as the movie theater.

A: Where is the movie theater?

B: It's on Washington Boulevard.

A: You mean that huge plaza?

B: That's exactly where it is.

A: I know where that is.

B: I'm glad I was able to help.


2
 Repeat

A: I need some help.

B: What's up?

A: I'm looking for the mall.

B: You can't find it?

A: I've looked everywhere.

B: The mall is right next to the movie theater.

A: Where is that?

B: You'll find it on Washington Boulevard.

A: In that plaza?

B: Yes. It's in that plaza.

A: I know where it is now.

B: I'm glad I could help.


3
 Repeat

A: Do you think that you can help me?

B: What can I help you with?

A: I'm trying to find the mall.

B: You're not sure where the mall is?

A: I've looked all over the place for the mall.

B: The mall is in the same place as the movie theater.

A: I don't know where the movie theater is either.

B: It's over on Washington Boulevard.

A: Is it in that plaza?

B: That's the place.

A: I know exactly where the plaza is.

B: I'm glad that I was some help to you
A: I'm new to the neighborhood.

B: Have you been able to find everything okay?

A: Actually, could you help me with that?

B: What can I help you with?

A: I'm trying to find a nice restaurant to eat at.

B: What kind of food do you want?

A: I wouldn't mind some good Chinese food.

B: There's a great Chinese restaurant right down the street.

A: Could you tell me how to get there?

B: It's a few blocks down. You'll find it on the right-hand side.

A: Would you like to come eat lunch with me?

B: I would love to. Thanks.


2
 Repeat

A: I just moved into the neighborhood.

B: Do you know where everything is around town?

A: I could use your help with something.

B: Exactly what can I do for you?

A: I'm looking for somewhere to eat.

B: What kind of restaurant do you want to eat at?

A: I want Chinese food.

B: I know of a fabulous Chinese restaurant down the street.

A: How do I get there?

B: It's just a few blocks away.

A: Would you like to go to lunch?

B: That would be great.


3
 Repeat

A: I'm new to town.

B: Oh, really? Are you finding everything all right?

A: I need some help.

B: What do you need help with?

A: I would like to find a nice restaurant.

B: What kind of food would you like to eat?

A: Chinese food sounds good to me.

B: You can always go to this Chinese restaurant just a few blocks away.

A: Where exactly is it?

B: If you go three blocks to the east, you can't miss it.

A: Why don't you come to lunch with me?

B: Sure. Let's go
A: I need your help.

B: What's up?

A: I'm lost.

B: Where exactly are you trying to go?

A: I want to go see a movie.

B: You can't find a theater?

A: No, I have absolutely no idea where one is.

B: Do you know where the mall is?

A: Yes, I know where the mall is.

B: Go to the mall; there's a movie theater inside.

A: I did not know that.

B: It's a new theater. Enjoy your movie.


2
 Repeat

A: Could you help me?

B: What's wrong?

A: I think I'm lost.

B: Where are you going?

A: I need to find the movie theater.

B: You're not sure where it is?

A: I really don't know.

B: You do know where the mall is, right?

A: I know exactly where that is.

B: There's a movie theater inside the mall.

A: When did they get a theater?

B: They just built it.


3
 Repeat

A: I need your assistance.

B: What's the problem?

A: I can't find the place I'm looking for.

B: What are you looking for?

A: I am trying to go see a movie.

B: You don't know where the theater is?

A: I'm completely lost.

B: Do you have any idea where the mall is?

A: Yes, I do.

B: The mall has its own movie theater.

A: I didn't know the mall had a movie theater.

B: It's newly opened
A: Do you need help with something?

B: I'm trying to find something.

A: What are you looking for?

B: I'm trying to find a church.

A: What kind of church is it?

B: It's a Catholic church.

A: There's a Catholic Church right on Lake Avenue.

B: Is that right?

A: Yes, and it's huge, so you can't miss it.

B: Where exactly is it?

A: It's right at Lake and Woodbury.

B: Thanks for your help.


2
 Repeat

A: Can I help you?

B: I'm having trouble finding something.

A: What is it that you're looking for?

B: I need to find a church.

A: What kind of church are you looking for?

B: I want to find a Catholic church.

A: I believe that there's one on Lake Avenue.

B: Are you sure?

A: It's a huge white church.

B: Where at on Lake?

A: On the corner of Lake and Woodbury.

B: Thanks a lot.


3
 Repeat

A: Did you need any help?

B: Actually, I was looking for something.

A: What is it?

B: I'm looking for a church.

A: What kind?

B: A Catholic church.

A: On Lake Avenue there is a nice Catholic church.

B: Is there really?

A: Yes, really.

B: Where on Lake is it?

A: You'll find it on the corner of Lake and Woodbury.

B: You've been such a great help. Thank you
A: Are you new in town?

B: Yes, I did just move in.

A: How do you like it here so far?

B: I think it's great.

A: Where did you move from?

B: I was living in El Salvador.

A: Why did you decide to move?

B: I figured I could have a better life here.

A: Is life hard there?

B: There aren't many opportunities for people.

A: Was it hard for you to move?

B: It was hard, but I know my life will be better here.


2
 Repeat

A: Did you just move here?

B: Yes, I just moved here.

A: Do you like it here so far?

B: I love it here.

A: Where did you come from?

B: I came from El Salvador.

A: Why'd you move?

B: I want to make a life for myself.

A: Is that hard to do there?

B: It's harder to make a good life there.

A: So, was it easy for you to leave?

B: It wasn't easy, but things will work out better for me here.


3
 Repeat

A: Are you new here?

B: I moved here a couple weeks ago.

A: What do you think of it here?

B: I like it here. It's very nice.

A: Where were you living before?

B: I was living in El Salvador.

A: Why'd you leave?

B: I wanted to start a better life for myself here.

A: You couldn't do that there?

B: It's not easy to do well there.

A: It must've been hard for you to leave.

B: I miss home, but I'm happy to start a new life here
A: Are you new in town?

B: Yes, I am new in town.

A: It's very nice to meet you.

B: It's nice to meet you too.

A: How long has it been since you moved here?

B: It's been a month.

A: Do you like it here so far?

B: I actually do like it here.

A: Isn't it beautiful?

B: It is absolutely beautiful here.

A: Let me welcome you to the neighborhood.

B: Thank you. I'm glad to be here.


2
 Repeat

A: Are you new around here?

B: I just moved here.

A: Nice to meet you.

B: I'm happy to meet you too.

A: When did you move here?

B: I've been here a month now.

A: How do you like it?

B: I love it here.

A: It's gorgeous here, don't you think?

B: It's wonderful.

A: I would like to welcome you to the neighborhood.

B: That's very sweet of you.


3
 Repeat

A: I haven't seen you around, so you must be new here.

B: As a matter of fact, I am.

A: It's nice meeting you.

B: Nice to meet you too.

A: When did you move out here?

B: I moved here about a month ago.

A: What do you think of it so far?

B: It's great.

A: Don't you think that it's beautiful here?

B: It really is gorgeous.

A: Welcome to the neighborhood.

B: Thank you for making me feel welcome
A: I just recently moved into the neighborhood.

B: Is that right? How recently?

A: Just last week.

B: What kinds of things have you been doing out here?

A: I haven't been doing much.

B: Why not?

A: I don't know what to do.

B: There's all sorts of things to do.

A: Like what?

B: How about shopping, or seeing a movie, or even going to the beach?

A: That's more than I've been doing.

B: There are plenty of things to do out here.


2
 Repeat

A: I just moved in recently.

B: When was this?

A: About a week ago.

B: What have you done so far?

A: Nothing really.

B: What? Why haven't you been doing anything?

A: What is there to do?

B: There's a lot that you can do.

A: Name one thing.

B: You can always go to the beach or catch a movie.

A: I haven't done any of that.

B: There's no way for you to be bored here.


3
 Repeat

A: I recently moved into town.

B: When did you move in?

A: I've been here for only a week.

B: What have you been doing this past week?

A: I haven't done much of anything.

B: Why is that?

A: I don't know what there is to do.

B: You can do plenty of things.

A: Tell me what there is to do.

B: You can go shopping, go to the beach, or even see a movie.

A: I didn't know what to do.

B: There's a lot to do if you just look
A: Is the moving van here yet?

B: Yes, it just pulled up to the curb. Here we go! 

A: Could you double-check and make sure that everything made it into the boxes?

B: I have already done that. Would you like me to put our suitcases into the car?

A: Yes, this would be a good time to do that.

B: I am so glad that we took the time to pack our essentials into suitcases. It will tide us over until the van arrives at our new home.

A: Would this be a good time to pack the frozen food into the ice chest?

B: I think that we should wait until the very last minute to do that.

A: I am going to take the dog for a walk so that he doesn't get too stressed out as the movers are working.

B: Well, let's get started sweeping up and do a last minute cleaning.


2
 Repeat

A: Do you think that the moving van has arrived?

B: It's coming down the street even as we speak.

A: Could I ask you to make one last check to make sure that everything got into the boxes?

B: Relax. Do you need me to put the suitcases in the car?

A: Yes, let's do that right now. 

B: It was such a good idea to pack a suitcase to have some things with us while we are waiting for the moving van to arrive on the other end.

A: Maybe we could pack the frozen food into the ice chest?

B: Let's wait until the van is almost completely loaded to take care of that.

A: I am sure happy that we dropped the cats off at the kennel so they aren't freaking out.

B: I am going to start sweeping up the floor. I want the new owners to not have to clean up a mess.


3
 Repeat

A: Could you check and see if the moving van is out there yet?

B: It just arrived. They are parking at the curb right now.

A: Do me a favor and do one last walk-through to check for anything that may not have gotten packed.

B: We've already double-checked everything. Should we put the suitcases in the car?

A: It is the perfect time to take care of that.

B: I am so happy that we didn't pack all of our clothes into boxes. The suitcase of clothes will help us get to what we need until our boxes arrive.

A: Should we empty the freezer into the ice chest?

B: Let's do a few more things and then take care of that as one of the last things we do.

A: Deciding to keep the birds at the neighbors until we leave was a good idea.

B: Let's sweep the floor on our way out so we don't leave too big of a mess behind
A: Do you have any helpful hints for preparing to move out of my home?

B: The first thing I would do is to make a list of what needs to be done. Then number the items as to what can be done ahead of time.

A: What kinds of things should be on my list?

B: First would probably be to get rid of any extra things that you have by having a garage sale.

A: That is a good idea because I have way too much junk.

B: You also should schedule your moving van in advance.

A: Can I begin packing things ahead of time?

B: Yes, just keep in mind what you won't be using in the near future and pack those items first.

A: Should I schedule my utilities to be shut off?

B: You need to work that out ahead of time with your utility companies and the new owners.


2
 Repeat

A: I was wondering if you had any useful suggestions for how to prepare for our moving day.

B: Make a prioritized list of what needs to be done and when. Many things can be done ahead of time.

A: Can you give me some suggestions for my list?

B: Many people have a garage sale to avoid moving things that they no longer use.

A: That would certainly cut down on the price of moving.

B: Make sure that you take the time to schedule your moving van.

A: Would it be okay to get a head start on my packing?

B: Begin by packing things that you don't frequently need. Save only a few things until right before your moving date.

A: When should I have my utilities shut off?

B: It is best for you and the new owners to coordinate the transfer of the utilities and what needs to be turned off and on.


3
 Repeat

A: I want our moving day to go smoothly and am open to your suggestions.

B: I would suggest that you make a list and check off the items as you go along. The list will get shorter as your moving date approaches.

A: What things do people usually put on their moving-out list?

B: One thing that can be done ahead of time is to get rid of excess stuff by having a garage sale.

A: That would mean a lot less time wasted in packing up our things.

B: List scheduling your moving van as an item on your to do list.

A: Do people ever start packing a month or so before moving?

B: You can certainly start packing things that you won't be using right away.

A: I don't know if I should have my utilities shut off or leave them on for the people who are moving in.

B: You could simply have all the utilities shut off on the day you move out, but you might want to coordinate that with the new owners.
A: I really need help knowing what to do about transferring the deed of my house.

B: The work of legally transferring the deed of your house will be taken care of in escrow.

A: What is the first thing that they will do?

B: The first thing they do is a title search to make sure that there are no liens against your property.

A: What if I have a lien against my property?

B: Your home cannot be sold until you clear all liens.

A: How long will the escrow take?

B: You can control some aspects of the length of your escrow but not all. Complete all paperwork in a timely fashion.

A: So, how many days will it take?

B: An escrow can take anywhere from thirty to ninety days.


2
 Repeat

A: I know nothing about transferring the deed of my home.

B: The escrow company will be doing all of the work in transferring your deed.

A: What is the first step in transferring the deed?

B: A deed transfer always includes a title search to make sure that there are no outstanding liens against the property.

A: What if they discover a lien against my property?

B: A title transfer cannot occur until you clear all liens.

A: Will my escrow take long?

B: To move your escrow along, it is important to supply all documents that are requested in a timely fashion.

A: What is the length of the average escrow?

B: The average escrow will last anywhere from thirty to ninety days.


3
 Repeat

A: I think that I am going to hire a lawyer to help me transfer the deed of my house.

B: Don't worry. The escrow company will be helping us with transferring the deed.

A: How do they begin the process of transferring the deed?

B: A title search is necessary to make sure that there are no liens against your property.

A: What will happen if they find a lien against my property?

B: All liens against the property must be cleared before the sale of your house can continue.

A: How can I shorten my escrow?

B: Make sure that you accurately complete all paperwork in a timely fashion. This will help shorten the length of your escrow.

A: How many days will it take to close the escrow?

B: Thirty to ninety days is about how long it takes to complete an escrow
A: I heard that the potential buyer is interested in me carrying part of a loan for him.

B: Carrying part of a loan can be a good or a bad thing, depending on the circumstances.

A: What would be an advantage of me carrying a note on the house?

B: If you don't need the money right away, you can earn a fairly good interest rate.

A: Why does my buyer want me to carry part of his loan?

B: In this economy, buyers sometimes have trouble getting a loan even when they have good credit.

A: What are the risks to me?

B: The risk is that the market could drop drastically and the owner would walk away.

A: How long will I need to commit to financing this loan?

B: You need to make an agreement with the buyer as to how long you will carry this note.


2
 Repeat

A: My potential buyer has asked me to carry part of his loan.

B: The decision to carry part of a loan might be advantageous to you or problematic.

A: Why would I ever want to carry a note on a house?

B: It is a type of investment that can offer a fairly steady return over a set period of time.

A: Why is my buyer requesting that I carry part of his loan?

B: Oftentimes buyers are well able to afford the home but unable to qualify for a loan.

A: Are there any risks in carrying a second mortgage?

B: You are basically betting on the fact that the home is not going to drastically fall in price. This could leave you with a house that is not worth much.

A: Will I be financing this loan for a set period of time?

B: That is entirely up to you and the buyer.


3
 Repeat

A: If the purchaser of your home wants you to carry part of the loan, is that good?

B: Carrying a loan could be good or bad for you as a seller.

A: Why would it be a good thing to carry a note on my own house?

B: For investors who can afford to have their money tied up, it can offer a fairly nice return.

A: What advantage is my buyer looking for in having me carry him on paper?

B: We are seeing more and more buyers who are not able to qualify for a loan and are able to take out a second mortgage with the owner.

A: Can I lose my money if I carry a second mortgage?

B: It is an investment and carries some risks. You are counting on the housing market to not go into a tailspin.

A: Is there a certain amount of time that I will be carrying this loan?

B: The buyer and seller set the year for the loan to come due
A: Your office called and left a message that several offers had come in on our home.

B: Yes, we received three offers in one day for your home!

A: Were the offers for a good price?

B: One offer was for the full asking price, one slightly below, and one above.

A: Well, I am going to accept the highest bid, of course!

B: Actually there are a few things to consider other than who is offering the most money.

A: What other factors do I need to consider?

B: We need to consider the likelihood of the buyers actually being able to purchase the house.

A: How do we check on the buyer's ability to purchase our home?

B: We will check to see if these buyers are pre-qualified for the loan amount that they need. This information will help you make a good decision.

A: When we get all of that information, then I will make my decision.

B: When you make that decision, I will present it to the buyers.


2
 Repeat

A: I received your e-mail about the many purchase offers for my house.

B: It has been quite a busy day regarding your home. We just received three offers!

A: Did the potential buyers offer a good price?

B: There were offers above and below your asking price, as well as one exactly for the asking price.

A: The highest bid is always the best bid!

B: We need to look at the big picture in deciding which bid to accept.

A: What things would you like me to look at?

B: Just because a buyer offers the money doesn't mean that they actually have the credit to purchase the home.

A: How do I get the information about a buyer's ability to afford to buy a home?

B: We will check to see if any of these buyers have a large down payment. A large amount of available cash would be a good sign.

A: I will wait for that information and give you my answer.

B: Please let me know when you have made your decision, and I will contact the buyers.


3
 Repeat

A: My friend said that you had called regarding multiple offers for my home.

B: The Open House was quite a success. Last night we received three offers on your home!

A: I am anxious to hear how good an offer we received!

B: Offers above and below the asking price came in. One was right on the money.

A: Let's go with the highest bid!

B: We need to look at a number of factors in deciding which bid to go with.

A: What matters besides getting the money for the house?

B: We need to make sure that these potential buyers all actually qualify to even purchase a home.

A: I don't even know where to begin checking on a buyer's credit information.

B: We can check to see if these buyers have already sold their current home. This would make them more desirable. 

A: I think that gathering that information will be helpful to me.

B: Please let me know if I can further assist you in making your decision.
A: I was calling to see if the buyers had accepted my counteroffer.

B: Yes, actually they just called back with a counteroffer of their own.

A: Is the counteroffer close to the asking price?

B: The counteroffer is for ten thousand less than your asking price.

A: I didn't really want to go that low in my pricing.

B: I agree that that price is too low. Your home is in good shape, and you should get a better price for it.

A: What should I do at this point?

B: Since you don't want to go any lower, we can notify them that you are rejecting their latest offer.

A: Can you take care of that for me and get back to me?

B: I will let them know that your counteroffer was the lowest price that you will accept.


2
 Repeat

A: Has there been any word about whether the buyers have accepted my counteroffer?

B: Yes, I was going to call you this morning. Your buyers have responded with a counteroffer.

A: Is the counteroffer a good one?

B: They are now offering ten thousand less than your asking price.

A: That is really a bit lower in price than I would like to go.

B: I think that your feelings are valid. You have a beautiful home and can afford to wait for a better offer.

A: What is the next step?

B: You can flat-out reject their offer and see what they come up with.

A: I would like you to notify them that I am rejecting their offer.

B: I will notify the buyers that you will not accept their counteroffer.


3
 Repeat

A: I was wondering if the buyers have accepted my counteroffer.

B: Yes, I just faxed you the information an hour ago. The buyers have a counteroffer for you.

A: How much did they counteroffer?

B: They now are offering to pay ten thousand less than your asking price.

A: I am not really ready to accept that low of a price.

B: I wouldn't accept that price either. Your home is in a good area and should command a higher price.

A: Where do we go from here?

B: We should notify them that you are rejecting their current offer. They might choose to offer a higher price.

A: Please let the buyers know that I am rejecting their offer.

B: I will take care of that right away. They may or may not raise their offer
A: My assistant called and said that you had received a response to our counteroffer.

B: Yes, the buyers called me just an hour ago.

A: Did they accept the counteroffer?

B: They came back with their own counteroffer of five thousand less than you wanted.

A: What do you think about their offer?

B: I think that this is a good offer. They also would like to have a 90-day escrow to allow them to sell their home. 

A: The length of the escrow is not a huge issue with us.

B: They also want the sale contingent on a good building inspection.

A: That is reasonable, and I accept those conditions.

B: I will let them know that you have accepted their counteroffer. They will be very pleased!


2
 Repeat

A: I had a message on my phone that the buyers had responded to our counteroffer.

B: Yes, the response just came through on the fax machine.

A: Was the counteroffer acceptable to them?

B: They made their own counteroffer of five thousand less than you proposed.

A: Do you feel that their counteroffer is reasonable?

B: Their offer is a good one. They also want to have a short escrow as they have already sold their home and are ready to move in.

A: We can accommodate the buyer's desire for an escrow length of their choosing.

B: They want their building inspector to approve the quality of the house.

A: I would expect that to be the case and accept their counteroffer.

B: I will contact the buyers immediately and let them know of your acceptance of their counteroffer. I am sure they will be excited!


3
 Repeat

A: I was calling in to see if there had been any response from the buyers regarding my counteroffer.

B: Yes, the buyer's agent just contacted me while I was at an Open House.

A: Did they state whether the counteroffer worked for them or not?

B: They almost accepted your counteroffer price but want to go a little lower. They are offering five thousand less than your counteroffer.

A: In your professional opinion, is this a good offer?

B: Personally in today's market, I would accept the offer. They also want a short escrow as they feel that interest rates are low right now. 

A: We can either lengthen or shorten the escrow for the buyer.

B: They want to make sure that the inspector says that there are no major problems with the house before this is a solid deal.

A: Of course, the house will have to pass a basic inspection, but we accept their counteroffer.

B: The buyers will be happy to hear that you have accepted their counteroffer.
A: I hear the young couple that came by the other day made an offer on our house.

B: Yes, the potential buyers made an offer this morning.

A: Is the offer a good offer?

B: The offer is pretty good. You asked three hundred thousand and they offered two hundred eighty thousand.

A: I would be willing to take two hundred ninety thousand, but no lower.

B: You could make a counteroffer of two hundred ninety thousand dollars. Would you like to do that?

A: Yes, I would like to make the counteroffer.

B: I will make the counteroffer immediately by phone.

A: What if they don't accept the counteroffer?

B: They can make a counteroffer themselves or state that their first offer stands.


2
 Repeat

A: I got a message on my machine that you received an offer on my house.

B: Yes, the offer came in late last night. It was too late to call you.

A: Is the offer as high as we were hoping for?

B: They offered two hundred eighty thousand dollars, and you were asking three hundred thousand dollars. They are definitely in the ballpark.

A: I was prepared to go a little lower, but more like two hundred ninety thousand dollars.

B: Would you like to make a counteroffer of two hundred ninety thousand dollars?

A: I definitely would like to make a counteroffer.

B: I will FAX them the counteroffer right away.

A: What if my counteroffer gets turned down?

B: They have an option of making a counteroffer, or they can just reject your counteroffer.


3
 Repeat

A: Your office called and said that an offer came in on our house.

B: Yes, the offer came in less than an hour ago.

A: How good of an offer did we receive?

B: Their bid was two hundred eighty thousand dollars, and you said that you wanted three hundred thousand dollars. Their bid is a reasonable start.

A: We built a little leeway into the asking price, but I don't want to accept less than two hundred ninety thousand dollars.

B: Sellers frequently make a counteroffer. Would you like to counteroffer two hundred ninety thousand dollars?

A: I think that a counteroffer would be wise at this point.

B: I will contact their agent right away with your counteroffer.

A: What should we do if they don't like the counteroffer?

B: If the seller doesn't want to accept your counteroffer, they can reject it or come up with a counteroffer of their own
A: So how much did the buyers bid on our house?

B: Your asking price was three hundred thousand dollars. The potential buyers offered two hundred ninety thousand dollars.

A: That's a great offer!

B: Yes, it is a good offer. Before you accept, we should look at some details.

A: What else do we need to look at?

B: They want you to pay all closing costs. Of course, they are making the sale contingent on an inspection showing no major defects in the house.

A: I think that that sounds fair.

B: You could put in a counteroffer, but I know that these buyers also have their eye on another house down the street.

A: I definitely want to accept their offer.

B: Excellent decision! I will notify them immediately.


2
 Repeat

A: I am so anxious to hear what the bid was on our house!

B: Remember that we set the asking price at three hundred thousand dollars. The first offer is two hundred ninety thousand dollars.

A: That's way better than I expected so early in the game!

B: The offer is definitely a good one, but let's make sure we look at the whole picture.

A: What are the other considerations?

B: They want you to pay for the inspection, but they want to pick out the inspector. If the house is defective, they will want out of the deal.

A: I don't have a problem with that.

B: You could make them a counteroffer, but I know that you need a timely sale.

A: Please notify the buyers that I have accepted their offer.

B: I think that you are making the right choice. I will phone the buyers right away!


3
 Repeat

A: What did the buyers offer us on our house?

B: With the original asking price at three hundred thousand dollars, the buyers are willing to pay two hundred ninety thousand dollars.

A: I am really pleased with that offer.

B: I agree that the offer is in the ballpark. We need to consider everything before you accept.

A: Besides the selling price, what else is there to consider?

B: They want you to pay to have the cracks in the back wall fixed and a couple of the roof tiles replaced.

A: All of that is acceptable to me.

B: A counteroffer by you is always a possibility, but their price is very close to your asking price. You could risk losing the sale.

A: I wish to officially accept their offer.

B: This is a win-win situation for both you and the buyer. I am sure that you will both be happy with your decision
A: What should I do to get ready for the Open House?

B: Your house needs to be as clean and uncluttered as possible.

A: Can we stay in the house while it is being shown?

B: No one is to be in the house during the Open House except for the realtor and the potential buyers who are looking at the house.

A: Can we leave our dog in the backyard during the Open House?

B: Absolutely no pets are to remain in the house during Open House. Take them with you or board them, please.

A: I have a lot of expensive jewelry and am afraid to leave it in the house. 

B: We will do our best to watch over your things, but expensive jewelry and guns need to go with you.

A: How will we know when to come home?

B: The Open House will last from eleven o'clock until four o'clock.


2
 Repeat

A: Is there anything special I should do to get ready for our Open House this weekend?

B: Just make sure that your house is perfectly clean and that everything is put away.

A: My husband wants to watch the game, and we were wondering if he could stay in his den during Open House.

B: Everyone in the household must leave the premises before potential buyers arrive.

A: Can the cat stay on the bed during Open House?

B: No pets are allowed at the Open House! Maybe your neighbor would let your pets stay over there for a few hours.

A: Where can I hide my expensive jewelry?

B: If you have a safe, put your jewelry in there. Otherwise, please take your valuables with you.

A: Will you let us know when everyone has left?

B: Usually the Open Houses last until four o'clock. If this one ends earlier, I will call you on your cell phone.


3
 Repeat

A: What suggestions do you have for preparing for the Open House on Saturday?

B: The two most important things are that your home is clean and clutter free.

A: My mother is old and wants to stay in her room during the Open House.

B: Absolutely no occupants of the house are to be present during an Open House.

A: We have several pet snakes and would like them to stay in the garage during Open House.

B: You wouldn't want someone to hate your house because they can't stand animals, would you? Your pets need to disappear for a bit!

A: Will someone be watching to make sure my expensive jewelry doesn't get ripped off?

B: We have two realtors to keep an eye on things at all times, but please don't keep valuable jewelry or guns in your home when it is being shown.

A: What time will the Open House be over?

B: You can come home at four o'clock if you like. If it is rainy and slow, I will call you if I decide to end it a little early
A: Can you help me figure out some inexpensive ways to fix up the exterior of my home?

B: Like the interior, the number one thing you can do is to repaint the outside of your home if it needs it.

A: What do you think of the landscaping?

B: Your lawn looks really good. Perhaps you could get some timers installed for your sprinklers.

A: How about adding some flowers or something?

B: Colorful flowers are always a nice addition to a yard to add curb appeal.

A: What about fixing up the backyard?

B: Make sure the lawn is well trimmed and the bushes are cut back.

A: Can you think of any more overall suggestions for the exterior?

B: Wash all of the windows inside and out.


2
 Repeat

A: What can I do to fix up the exterior of my home?

B: I would say the number one thing that you can do is paint your home, but your home has been painted recently and looks great!

A: What can I do about the landscaping?

B: Your lawn looks a little dried out. I think all it needs is a little fertilizer and water.

A: My front yard looks a little boring. How can I brighten it up?

B: I would definitely put in some new plantings to liven your yard up a bit.

A: Should I be worried about what my backyard looks like?

B: You need to repair that section where your fence is falling down.

A: What else can I do to make the exterior of the house look extra good to buyers?

B: Make sure to keep the sidewalks and driveways swept clean at all times.


3
 Repeat

A: I keep hearing about curb appeal and want to know how to achieve it.

B: The paint job on your home looks pretty good, but I would touch up the wooden trim a little where you have some peeling spots.

A: I am not so sure that everyone will like the landscaping.

B: Your lawn is a disaster! To get top dollar for your home, you should replace it.

A: Is there anything I can do to add some interest to my front yard?

B: You have beautiful plants in your yard, although some of them aren't in bloom right now. Just add a few colorful flowers in pots.

A: Is the appearance of the backyard important?

B: If you can borrow some really nice patio furniture to show off your lovely patio, that would be nice.

A: Any final suggestions on how I can make the exterior of my house even more appealing?

B: Having your trees and bushes trimmed could be a good investment
A: So, during the time that you are showing my house, how will my valuables be protected?

B: Our real estate company takes every precaution to see that your valuables are protected at all times.

A: How will I know when someone will be looking at my home?

B: We will typically give you at least 4 hours notice on a weekend before we come by.

A: Will you always accompany whoever is looking at my house?

B: Your house is listed on the multiple listing. That means that people from a variety of real estate offices will be showing your home. 

A: How will the realtors get into my house if I am not at home?

B: We put a lockbox on your house. The realtors will have a key to the lockbox and then they can get a key to your front door.

A: What about people watching my stuff during an Open House?

B: We always suggest that you either store your jewelry in a safe or move it into a friend's house while your house is being shown.


2
 Repeat

A: I am worried about the security of my home while it is being shown.

B: We do everything we can to protect your home and your valuables

A: Do people just come and look whenever they want to?

B: During the week, we will let you know the night before if we will be bringing someone by the next day.

A: I am assuming that someone from your office will always be there, right?

B: Your home is listed exclusively with our office. We will be the only ones showing your home.

A: Does everyone have a copy of my house key?

B: Realtors have a special key to what is called a lockbox. Once they get into the lockbox, they can get a key to the house.

A: I have heard horror stories from friends about being ripped off during their Open House.

B: Our company has invested in several cameras that we place in the key rooms while the house is being shown.


3
 Repeat

A: I have heard horror stories about people's things being stolen while their house is being shown.

B: We have a very good track record when it comes to home security.

A: I am not so sure that I like the idea of people showing up whenever they want to pop in!

B: We will always call at least 12 hours in advance if we are bringing someone by to see your home.

A: Are you the only one showing my house?

B: To get maximum exposure and a variety of buyers, your home is listed on the multiple listing. Many different realtors will be showing your home.

A: Do you have to come and let the different realtors in when they come to look at my house?

B: The realtors can get a key to your house by unlocking a lockbox on your front door. They use it while they are there and return it when they leave.

A: The thing I worry about the most is having my valuables stolen during an Open House.

B: Our realtors try to be very aware at all times of who is in the house and what they are doing
A: So what do you think I should do to fix up the interior of my house?

B: A fresh coat of paint is the number one improvement that you can make to your home.

A: What colors do you think would be best?

B: You need to go with fairly neutral tones. You want fairly contemporary colors that will go with a variety of furnishings.

A: After paint, what is the next most important improvement that I can make?

B: Remove any extra furnishings and personal items. Make your home look as uncluttered as possible.

A: Should I get a new carpet?

B: Your carpet is in really good shape. New owners typically want to pick out their own carpeting.

A: How about improvements to the bathroom?

B: New faucets are not that expensive and can quickly add a clean and more up-to-date look.


2
 Repeat

A: What are your suggestions for some inexpensive fixes to help me get the best price for my home?

B: Painting the interior of your home is not that expensive and greatly improves the appearance of your home.

A: Should I go for trendy colors or more traditional tones?

B: You don't want to make any dramatic statements with paint, but don't go with just white either.

A: What else can I do besides paint the inside of my home to improve its value? 

B: You need to get rid of any extra furniture or knick-knacks.

A: I need to know if I should replace the carpeting.

B: Your carpeting is very worn. You might want to explore buying some attractive inexpensive carpeting.

A: How about improvements to the kitchen?

B: You could inexpensively replace the linoleum flooring; that would really brighten things up.


3
 Repeat

A: What do people usually do to improve the interior of their houses before they sell them?

B: Your house looks very nice on the inside, but a fresh coat of paint always helps brighten a home's interior.

A: I get confused when trying to pick out colors that other people might like.

B: Lighter neutral colors are usually best. They make rooms appear larger.

A: The painting suggestion is a good one, but after that, what improvement will add value to my home?

B: Your interior should have only the most basic of furniture. Either store or get rid of any extra clutter.

A: What about replacing the floor covering?

B: I know that your carpeting is not brand new, but with a good steam cleaning, I think that it will look great.

A: Is there anything that I can do to the bathrooms and kitchen that wouldn't cost too much?

B: New curtains or blinds do not cost that much and brighten up any room
A: My wife thinks I should get a lawyer to look at the contract.

B: Well, it certainly wouldn't hurt to have a lawyer review it.

A: How much does a lawyer cost?

B: I don't know. A good real estate lawyer might cost $400 an hour.

A: That can't be legal! 

B: Just think how much it'll be 10 years from now.

A: Do you know any lawyers that are cheaper than that?

B: You'd have to check the yellow pages or go online.

A: There's no telling how many hours the lawyer will charge me for.

B: Also, it might take a week or two just to get an appointment.

A: I'd rather get this over with, so just show me where to sign.

B: Good man! I've marked all the places for you to sign and date.


2
 Repeat

A: My wife said to have a lawyer look at the contract.

B: That's always a good idea.

A: Do you know how much a lawyer runs?

B: I've heard that they're about $400 an hour.

A: Who can afford that?

B: A few years ago, $100 an hour was outrageous.

A: Can you help me find a cheaper lawyer?

B: I'm afraid I can't help you with that.

A: The lawyer will start at $400, but where will it end?

B: Also, a good lawyer might not have time to see you immediately.

A: My wife's going to kill me, but just show me where to sign.

B: Now you're talking. The red stickers indicate where to sign and date.


3
 Repeat

A: My wife told me to get a lawyer to review the contract first.

B: A smart husband always does what his wife tells him.

A: How much are lawyers charging nowadays?

B: It's hard to believe, but I think they charge about $400 an hour.

A: That's highway robbery!

B: I think lawyers are making twice what doctors are making.

A: Are there any lawyers that are cheaper than that?

B: The best advice I can give you is to Google it.

A: I can barely afford one hour, but certainly not two.

B: Remember, it might take a few days just to set up an appointment.

A: I really don't have the time or the money, so where do I sign?

B: Your wife will thank you. Just sign and date where the little red stickers are
A: How much do you think that I should ask for my house?

B: Well, there are a lot of factors involved in setting an asking price.

A: What do you look at when setting an asking price?

B: We need to look at the selling prices for similar homes in the area. These will vary according to the condition of the home, specific location, and lot size.

A: Do I have to use the comparisons as the asking price for my house?

B: No, but a seller is not going to be able to get a loan if the selling price is a lot higher that what an appraiser feels the home is worth.

A: Isn't it better to price my house really high and see what I can get?

B: You shouldn't set the price of the house unrealistically high. Oftentimes buyers are put off by this practice.

A: Can I change my mind and lower my price if the home doesn't sell?

B: Sure, you can always lower your asking price.


2
 Repeat

A: I am not sure what the asking price for my house should be.

B: We have to take in a number of factors in setting an asking price.

A: What do we need to consider in establishing an acceptable price for a home?

B: The comparisons to other similar homes in your area give us a good indication of what your home is worth. 

A: Is the price that we get by looking at comparisons necessarily the asking price that I have to use for my home?

B: You don't have to use that particular asking price, but the buyer is going to have trouble getting a loan if the house is priced too high.

A: Should I just shoot for the moon and, if I have to lower the price, do it later?

B: You should be realistic in your pricing. Otherwise, many potential buyers just walk away.

A: Can we lower the asking price later if we need to?

B: We can always re-evaluate the asking price in a few weeks, if we aren't getting any offers.


3
 Repeat

A: What do you think the asking price of my home should be?

B: There are many things to take into consideration when pricing a home.

A: What is involved in figuring out an asking price?

B: We need to combine many factors regarding your home to come up with an accurate value for your home.

A: When you look at comparisons, do I necessarily have to ask that price?

B: You don't have to use the price from the comparisons as your asking price. However, you must be realistic in what you ask.

A: I think that I am going to set the price really high so that I have room to bargain with the buyers.

B: Don't go overboard in trying to get top dollar. More often than not, that strategy backfires.

A: Is it okay to lower the asking price if the first price isn't bringing in any offers?

B: If the market doesn't support your asking price, we can always re-evaluate our pricing and adjust it
A: Thank you for coming to look at my house.

B: I really wanted to take a look and help give you an idea of what we need to do.

A: When will people come to look at my house?

B: Basically, there are two ways people can view your home. They can come to an Open House or they can come with a Realtor to view it during a private appointment.

A: Will people from other real estate offices be involved, or just from your office?

B: Your house is going to be listed as a Multiple Listing so that it will have the maximum exposure to a variety of people.

A: Will I know when people are going to come see my house?

B: We will set the parameters in the contract, but usually you will receive at least four hours of notification that someone is coming.

A: What happens during an Open House day?

B: You will be expected to be away during an Open House. I will take care of the details.


2
 Repeat

A: I appreciate you dropping by to look at my home.

B: It is useful for us to take a walk through your home together, so that we make sure that we are on the same page.

A: How do you show my home to potential buyers?

B: We will have an Open House or two on a weekend and we also will show your home with private appointments during the week.

A: Are you the only real estate office that will be showing my house?

B: We are placing your house as a Multiple Listing. That way, people who don't work for my particular office can show your home to their clients.

A: How will I know when to expect prospective buyers?

B: That will be set in your contract. Usually, you will be given four hours notice.

A: Can I stay home during an Open House day?

B: The seller is never at home during an Open House. I personally will handle the showing of your home.


3
 Repeat

A: Thanks for stopping by to evaluate my home.

B: I want to make sure that you are very clear on what the steps are to selling a home.

A: When can people come and see my home?

B: We will have several Open House weekends. Various realtors will also show your house during the week.

A: Will I know all of the realtors who will be showing my home, or will they be strangers?

B: Your house will be listed on what we call a Multiple Listing. That way it will be shown by a variety of realtors.

A: Can people just drop in anytime they feel like it?

B: We usually try and give you at least four hours of notification that someone is coming to look at your home.

A: Will I have to go away during an Open House day?

B: I will handle all of the work involved for the Open House. The only thing that you need to do is be somewhere else!
A: I am interested in selling my home and would like to know what is involved.

B: You have come to the right place. When were you interested in selling your home?

A: I just received a job transfer and need to relocate right away.

B: How long have you been in your current home?

A: I have lived in my home for about 10 years.

B: As I am sure that you are aware, the market has fallen in the past year. People are more likely to make money if they have owned their home for a while.

A: Will I be able to recover the money I paid for my home?

B: It is hard to say, but whatever house you buy will also be costing you a lot less.

A: What is the next step in selling my home?

B: I would like to meet with you tomorrow to look at your property, and then you and I can figure out a contract.


2
 Repeat

A: I am looking for a realtor to help me sell my home.

B: I would be happy to help you with any questions that you might have. When 

were you thinking of selling your home?

A: I am interested in moving up to a bigger home, but first I need to sell the one I now own.

B: Have you owned your home for a long time?

A: I just bought my home two years ago.

B: I think you probably know that the market is not all that great. You are more likely to see a profit if you have owned for 8 years or more.

A: Will I be losing money if I sell right now?

B: It is impossible to predict with certainty what will happen, but you can purchase a replacement home at a lower rate also.

A: What can I do next to get the ball rolling on this sale?

B: If it works for you, I would like to come over and see your home. Then we can draw up a contract.


3
 Repeat

A: I am considering selling my home and would like information on doing so.

B: It would be my pleasure to answer any questions that you might have. Were you interested in selling in the near future?

A: I am just checking out the possibility of selling, as I am thinking of moving to Hawaii.

B: Is your home a recent purchase, or have you owned it for a while?

A: The house has been in my family for years, but I just became the owner 6 months ago when my mother passed away.

B: Housing prices have fallen quite a bit. The longer you have owned your home, the greater the profit.

A: Am I going to lose my shirt selling my home right now?

B: It will all kind of even out. You may sell low, but you can also buy low.

A: What should we be doing to get the process started?

B: If it fits into your schedule, I could meet you tomorrow morning and we could take a look at your property. The next step would be us both signing a contract.
A: I'm calling to cancel a reservation I made earlier in the week. 

B: To cancel your reservation, I need your name, phone number, and date of trip, please.

A: Rudy Randolph, 818-555-1234. My reservation begins on the second Monday of April.

B: I see your reservation on my computer. Let me just cancel it, and you'll be all set!

A: Thanks. I'll call again when things get better at home.

B: You're welcome.


2
 Repeat

A: I need to cancel my reservation. I have personal matters that need fixing.

B: That's not a problem. Just give me your name, phone number, and date of visit.

A: Rudy Randolph, 818-555-1234, April 9 through 15.

B: I see your info here on the screen. I'll hit just one button, sir, and you're cancelled.

A: Thank you. I'm glad that wasn't too much of a bother.

B: It's a pleasure.


3
 Repeat

A: I made a reservation earlier this week, but I have to cancel it.

B: No problem, sir. Just tell me your name, phone number, and date of reservation.

A: Great! I'm Rudy Randolph, 818-555-1234, and my reservation was for April 9 to 15.

B: Sir, let me hit the delete button, and your reservation will be cancelled.

A: That was nice and fast. Thanks.

B: Not at all.


4
 Repeat

A: I hate to do this, but I've got to cancel a reservation I made earlier this week.

B: All I need is your name, phone, and reservation date.

A: My name is Rudy Randolph. I'm at 818-555-1234. The reservation was for April 9.

B: Randolph, Rudy. Let me hit one button, sir, and now your reservation is cancelled.

A: Thank you. I'll make another reservation as soon as I can.

B: It's been my pleasure to help you.


5
 Repeat

A: My wife is sick, so I have to cancel a reservation I made.

B: If you'll just give me your name, phone, and date of visit, I can cancel your reservation.

A: I'm Rudy Randolph at 818-555-1234, April ninth to the fifteenth.

B: Mr. Randolph. Okay, one second, sir, and there you go. Your reservation is now cancelled. 

A: I wish everything in life was so simple, thank you.

B: Not a problem, sir. Please remember us in the future
A: I'd like to leave a parcel for one of my friends. Is that okay?

B: All I need is your name, the name of your friend, and the time of pick-up.

A: All of that's on the package. Can I just bring it down to your desk?

B: That would be most convenient for me. Thanks for your consideration!


2
 Repeat

A: I want to leave a parcel for a friend to pick up. Can I do that?

B: Just tell me your name, your friend's name, and when your friend is coming by.

A: I'll put all that information on the package and just bring it down to you. Is that okay?

B: That sounds great, sir. Thank you.


3
 Repeat

A: Can I leave a parcel with you for one of my friends to pick up later?

B: I just need your name and your friend's name. Also, tell me when he is coming by.

A: How about if I write all that on the package and then bring it down to you?

B: Perfect. Thank you for doing that.


4
 Repeat

A: I've got a parcel here that a friend is going to pick up. Can I leave it with you?

B: No problem. Just tell me your name, his name, and when he's coming by.

A: I'll just write all that info on the parcel itself and then bring it to you.

B: Sir, you make my work too easy. Thank you.


5
 Repeat

A: A friend is picking up a parcel. Can I leave the parcel with you?

B: By all means, sir. Just give me your name, his name, and when he will be coming by.

A: I can put all of that right on the package and then bring it down to you, if that's okay.

B: Well, thank you for doing that, sir. I wish all guests were like you
A: I'm checking out in about half an hour.

B: Whenever you're ready to check out, I'll be ready, sir.

A: Great! As you know however, the day in New York has hardly begun.

B: You're right. It's only 9:00 a.m.

A: Therefore, I think I'll explore New York some more. But I need to store my bags.

B: Sir, our storage facility is merely $5 an hour. You also need to leave a deposit.

A: My luggage isn't enough of a deposit?

B: Unfortunately, it isn't. VISA or MasterCard will suffice, though.

A: Let me put on my thinking cap for a moment.

B: Better hurry, sir. Remember you have to check out in less than half an hour.


2
 Repeat

A: I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes.

B: I'm ready when you are, sir.

A: Very good! Now, it's still morning here in New York.

B: You are so right, sir. The clock just struck nine.

A: I'm going to spend some time exploring the city. What can I do with my luggage?

B: Sir, right here we have a storage site. Its only $5 an hour, but you need to leave a deposit.

A: A deposit? Isn't my luggage a deposit?

B: I'm sorry, sir, but it isn't. Your MasterCard or VISA will take care of things nicely.

A: Let me think about this.

B: Okay, sir. But don't take too long. You only have 30 minutes.


3
 Repeat

A: Do you know that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes?

B: Just say the word, sir.

A: Excellent! Now, as you know, the day has barely begun.

B: I agree. The dew is still on the grass.

A: I want to hit a few more places in the city, but I need a place to put my luggage.

B: We do have a storage space for your bags. There's a small charge, plus a deposit.

A: Leave a deposit? Isn't leaving the luggage enough of a deposit?

B: Regrettably, no. But simply present your VISA to cover your deposit.

A: I'll have to think about this for a second.

B: Okay, sir, but don't think too long. Your checkout is only 30 minutes away.


4
 Repeat

A: In case you didn't know, I'm checking out in half an hour.

B: That won't be a problem, sir.

A: That's good to hear. Now there's still a whole New York day ahead of me.

B: You're right, sir. Your whole day is still ahead of you.

A: I still have time to explore more of New York, but I need a place to secure my baggage.

B: We have a storage place here, but you have to leave a deposit.

A: A deposit, huh? I would think my baggage would be enough of a deposit.

B: Just present your VISA card, and there won't be any problems.

A: That deposit bothers me. Give me a minute.

B: Okay, sir, but remember how close it is to your checkout time.


5
 Repeat

A: I'll be checking out of the hotel in about 30 minutes.

B: Thirty minutes or 30 seconds, sir, it doesn't matter, I'm ready for you.

A: Great! As you know, however, the day in New York has hardly begun.

B: There's nothing like getting an early start, sir.

A: What can I do with my baggage while I visit a few more tourist spots?

B: You can leave your baggage in our storage space, with a deposit.

A: Isn't my baggage enough of a deposit?

B: I wish it was, but it isn't. They will still want a credit card.

A: It's always something, isn't it? Let me think about this for a second. 

B: Don't forget that you have very little time, sir, before you have to check out
A: My amenities bill says that I owe $10 for a movie, but I never ordered one.

B: Let's see. It says that you were charged Monday at 9:00 p.m. for the movie "Titanic."

A: That's absolutely wrong! I was out exploring the city Monday night.

B: Okay, let me see what I can do.

A: Thank you. I didn't think it would be this simple.

B: I can take the $10 off your bill, but I need to charge you $2 for the service.

A: Are you serious? I have to pay $2 for a movie I never watched?

B: Unfortunately, sir, it's how the computer is programmed.

A: This is outrageous! I'm never coming back to this hotel again!

B: I'm sorry, sir. Perhaps you'd like to write a letter to headquarters.


2
 Repeat

A: I just discovered that I owe $10 for a movie that I never ordered.

B: Let me check, sir. You were charged for watching "Titanic" Monday night.

A: That is absolutely incorrect! I was out on the town Monday night.

B: Okay, sir, bear with me a moment.

A: Thank you for taking my word over the computer's word.

B: One slight problem, sir. I need to charge you $2 to remove this error from your file.

A: You can't be serious. You're making me pay $2 for a movie I never watched?

B: I feel your pain, sir.

A: Absolutely unbelievable! You people should be ashamed of yourselves. 

B: I agree with you, sir, but all I do is work here.


3
 Repeat

A: You guys are charging me $10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw.

B: Let's see, sir. According to your file, you watched "Titanic" Monday evening.

A: The wrong information is in my file. I was at a concert Monday night.

B: Well, your word overrules the file, sir. One moment, please.

A: I knew you'd see it my way.

B: Sir, I deleted the $10, but I had to add a $2 service charge to your bill.

A: Am I in the Twilight Zone? You're charging me for a movie I never saw?

B: Please don't blame me, sir. Blame the computer programmer.

A: This is highway robbery. I've got a good mind to call the police!

B: If it makes you feel any better, other guests feel the same way.


4
 Repeat

A: Why am I being charged $10 for a movie that I never ordered?

B: Sir, according to your file, you spent Monday evening watching "Titanic."

A: The file is wrong. I was at a great concert that night.

B: Well, this wouldn't be the first time that a file was wrong. Just a moment, please.

A: Thank you for taking care of it so quickly.

B: Sir, when I deleted the $10, the program automatically added a $2 service charge.

A: You can't do that! You can't charge me for a mistake that you made!

B: Sometimes you can't win for losing, sir.

A: Now I've seen it all! What a rip-off this place is!

B: I don't blame you, sir. Two dollars is a lot of money.


5
 Repeat

A: I need to know why I'm being charged $10 for a movie that I never ordered.

B: Hmm. Your file shows that you watched "Titanic" Monday night.

A: Monday night? Monday night I was at a great concert.

B: Well, as they say, garbage in, garbage out. Let me correct this error, please.

A: Thank you. It's very nice when problems can be solved quickly.

B: When I deleted the $10, the computer automatically added a $2 service charge.

A: Are you crazy? You made the mistake and now you're charging me for your mistake?

B: Sir, if it makes you feel any better, the $2 service fee used to be $5.

A: Why don't you just stick a gun in my ribs and take everything I have?

B: Unfortunately, sir, you'll have to pay the $2, whether you like it or not
A: I am checking out. Here is the key to my room.

B: Thank you. I'll just print out your receipt, and then you're free to go. Here you go!

A: Thanks.

B: If you don't mind me asking, how did you enjoy your stay at New York Hotel?

A: This hotel could use some insecticide, but my time in New York was thoroughly delightful.

B: That's very honest of you. Rest assured that this hotel will have no insects next time.


2
 Repeat

A: I want to check out. Here is my room key.

B: One second, sir, while I print out your receipt. Here you are.

A: Thanks.

B: May I ask, sir, if you enjoyed your stay?

A: Except for one night, I enjoyed the hotel. And I loved New York, of course.

B: Thank you for your honesty. I assure you there will be no cockroaches next time.


3
 Repeat

A: I'm leaving. Here is my key.

B: Just one second, sir, and I'll give you your receipt. Here you go.

A: Thank you very much.

B: Sir, did you enjoy your stay here?

A: Most of my time here was pleasant. And New York itself is fantastic.

B: I'm glad you enjoyed the city, anyway. But please don't think too unkindly of us.


4
 Repeat

A: I'm out of here. Here's my key.

B: Give me just a few seconds, sir, and I'll hand you your receipt. Here you are.

A: I thank you.

B: I hope you enjoyed your stay, sir.

A: I only had nine little problems here. Other than that, I enjoyed my stay, and I loved the city.

B: I apologize again for the cockroaches, sir. I hope you have a nice trip home.


5
 Repeat

A: My stay is over. Here's the key to my room.

B: Thank you. And here's your receipt, sir.

A: Many thanks.

B: I hope your stay here was satisfactory, sir.

A: This could be a great hotel, once you get rid of the insects. The city itself is great.

B: I'm glad that the little problem didn't ruin your visit. Please have a pleasant trip home.


6
 Repeat

A: This visit is over for me. Here's your room key.

B: Thank you for that, and in return, here's your receipt.

A: And thanks to you.

B: I hope you'll visit us again, sir.

A: I'd be willing to try this hotel again, if you can promise me no more cockroaches.

B: I guarantee you that our little “friends” won't be back. I hope your trip home is pleasant
A: I need to get a taxi.

B: We have a variety of transportation services. Would you prefer a private vehicle to a taxi?

A: No, that won't be necessary. I just need a taxi.

B: Perhaps you'd prefer a limousine. That's such a stylish way to travel.

A: Just a taxi, please.

B: And what is your destination?

A: I'm going to Rockefeller Center.

B: I see. What time do you want to depart from the hotel?

A: I want to leave as soon as possible.

B: Okay, a taxi will arrive in seconds, sir.

A: Thank you, I'm coming down now.

B: It won't be but a few seconds, sir.


2
 Repeat

A: I need a taxi, please.

B: We have various transportation services. Would you prefer a private vehicle?

A: No, thanks. A taxi is just fine.

B: May I suggest a limo? It's nice to pamper yourself once in a while.

A: I don't want anything except a taxi, thank you.

B: I understand. And where will you be going?

A: Rockefeller Center.

B: And what time would you like to be picked up?

A: The sooner the better.

B: A taxi will be here shortly, sir.

A: Great! And remember, a taxi, not a limo.

B: A taxi it is, sir.


3
 Repeat

A: Can you get me a taxi?

B: We offer various types of transportation. Perhaps you'd like to upgrade to a private vehicle?

A: Thanks, but no thanks. A taxi will do just fine.

B: In that case, how about a limo? Then you can travel in style.

A: No, I hate limousines. They're gas guzzlers.

B: Got it, sir. Where would you like the taxi to take you?

A: My destination is Rockefeller Center.

B: What time do you want to leave the hotel?

A: As soon as possible.

B: I'll call the taxi immediately, sir.

A: I'm coming downstairs now.

B: A brand new taxi is pulling up now, sir.


4
 Repeat

A: I'm going to need a taxi.

B: You don't have to restrict yourself to a taxi. We can offer you a private vehicle.

A: A private vehicle, huh? No, a taxi is okay.

B: Some people find a limo to be much more comfortable than a taxi.

A: No, I wouldn't be caught dead in a limo.

B: No upgrade of any kind. And where might you be going?

A: I'm headed to Rockefeller Center.

B: When shall I tell the taxi to be here?

A: Right now.

B: The taxi will be here immediately, sir.

A: Good, I'm leaving my room in about one minute.

B: You won't have to wait a second, sir.


5
 Repeat

A: I need a taxi.

B: We could easily provide you with a private vehicle, if you'd prefer.

A: No, the taxi will do.

B: Perhaps you'd like to take a beautiful limousine.

A: No, thank you. Taxis and I get along just fine.

B: No private vehicle, no limo. Got it. Where are you going?

A: I'm seeing a show at Rockefeller Center.

B: What time should the taxi be here to pick you up?

A: I'm ready to go right now.

B: I'll have a taxi for you momentarily, sir.

A: Great! As soon as I brush my teeth, I'll be downstairs.

B: You'll enjoy our new, clean taxis, sir.


6
 Repeat

A: Could you please reserve a taxi for me?

B: Do you think a private vehicle might be more to your liking?

A: A private vehicle? No, thanks, I won't need one.

B: Even better than a private vehicle is a limo. How does that sound?

A: T A X I, please.

B: A taxi it is. Where will you be headed? 

A: Rockefeller Center. Can you get the taxi here immediately, please?

B: A taxi will be here in just a minute, sir.

A: Good. I'll get my coat and come downstairs.

B: The taxi will be ready when you are, sir.
A: Is there a swimming pool in this hotel?

B: We don't have a full-sized swimming pool, but we do have individual swim stations.

A: What exactly does that mean?

B: Basically, a swim station is like a treadmill, except instead of running, you swim.

A: That sounds really neat. Is there an extra charge for these swim stations?

B: If you're a registered guest, you have free access to our swim stations.

A: Are the swim stations open 24 hours, like the rest of the gym?

B: To conserve electricity, the stations operate only from 7:00 a.m. till 10:00 p.m. 

A: I'll go down there as soon as I can!

B: I don't think you'll be disappointed. People really seem to like the swim stations.


2
 Repeat

A: Does this hotel have a pool?

B: I'm sorry, sir, we don't have one. However, in our gym, we do have swim stations.

A: I'm not sure I understand.

B: Think of a deep bathtub that you can swim in, but against a current.

A: Cool. What will they think of next? How much are they?

B: Sir, guests pay nothing to use the stations.

A: Excellent! Now what are the hours?

B: The gym is open 24/7, but the stations are open from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. only.

A: I'm going to change into my trunks right now!

B: I think you'll like the experience, sir. It's a great workout.


3
 Repeat

A: Do you have a swimming pool in this hotel?

B: We don't have a pool, sir, but we do have swim stations in the gym.

A: I never heard of a swim station. Is that like a train or bus station?

B: It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against.

A: Holy cow! I never heard of such a thing. How much do they cost?

B: As a guest, sir, you pay nothing.

A: This sounds better every second. Now, when can I use the stations?

B: If you want to swim, you can visit the gym any day between 7 a.m. and 10 p.m. 

A: Oh, boy! This is going to be great. I'm going to the gym right now!

B: I'm sure you'll enjoy your workout, sir. Everyone seems to like the swim stations.


4
 Repeat

A: I think I've looked everywhere, but I haven't seen a swimming pool here.

B: This hotel has no full-size pool, but we do have swim stations in our gym.

A: Swim stations? Whoever heard of such a thing?

B: You swim in a swim station just like you run on a treadmill.

A: All that exercise in a little pool! Do I have to pay anything?

B: The swim stations are available to all guests for no charge.

A: Very good. Now can you tell me the hours of operation?

B: They're available anytime between 7 a.m. and 10 p.m., seven days a week.

A: Wow! I can't wait to change into my trunks!

B: The swim stations are very popular, sir. I hope you don't find a line down there.


5
 Repeat

A: I've been looking for a swimming pool, but I haven't found one yet.

B: We have no pool, sir, but we do have swim stations in our gym.

A: Swim stations? Could you be a little more explicit?

B: You know how you run on a treadmill but don't go anywhere? Well, it's the same thing.

A: Gee, that's a great idea. Now, how much do I have to pay?

B: The stations are absolutely free to guests, sir.

A: Great! Now, when can I go down there and use the stations?

B: The swim stations are open daily from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m.

A: Boy, oh boy! I can't wait to change into my swim trunks.

B: Be warned, sir. At certain hours the swim stations are very crowded
A: I'd like to order a restock on my minibar.

B: You finished everything in there, sir?

A: Absolutely everything. 

B: What would you like to order?

A: Three bottles each of Perrier and Jim Beam.

B: Uh-huh. What else do you want?

A: The apples were great. Could you bring a couple more up?

B: No problem. Is there anything else I can get for you?

A: Some grape juice would also be nice.

B: I'll get all of that for you right away. Someone should be up shortly.


2
 Repeat

A: I need my minibar restocked.

B: Everything is gone, sir?

A: There's not a drop left of anything.

B: Is there anything in particular you'd like?

A: Yes, the Perrier and the Jim Beam hit the spot. Let me have three more of each.

B: Got it. Anything else?

A: I really liked the apples. Bring me a couple of apples, please.

B: Not a problem. Anything else?

A: Yes, one more thing: some grape juice.

B: Someone will be up shortly with your order, sir.


3
 Repeat

A: My minibar is empty.

B: You already finished off everything, sir?

A: I finished off everything.

B: Would you like anything in particular?

A: The Perrier and the Jim Beam. Let me have three more of each.

B: Beam and Perrier. Anything else, sir?

A: I really loved the apples in my room. Bring me a few more, please.

B: Sure thing. Might there by anything else?

A: Yes, speaking of fruit, bring me some grape juice, too.

B: Perrier, Jim Beam, apples, and grape juice. It will all be there shortly, sir.


4
 Repeat

A: How do I restock my minibar?

B: You've drunk everything, sir?

A: I finished it all.

B: Do you want the whole minibar, or just certain items?

A: Send me up three bottles each of Perrier and Jim Beam.

B: That's three Jim Beams and three Perriers. Anything else, sir?

A: The apples in my room were delicious. Bring me a few more, please.

B: Okay. Are you sure there isn't anything else?

A: You know, some grape juice would be really nice, too.

B: Be patient for just a few minutes, sir, and someone will be at your door.


5
 Repeat

A: My minibar is completely empty.

B: Everything in that minibar has been consumed, sir?

A: Everything's gone. 

B: Is there anything special you'd like?

A: Just bring me three bottles each of Jim Beam and Perrier.

B: Okay, sir. Three of each. Would you like anything else?

A: The fruit basket was great. I need a few more apples, please.

B: Perrier, Jim Beam, and apples. Is that it for now?

A: Yes, one last thing: I could use some grape juice.

B: Your order will be brought to you momentarily, sir
A: I'd like to order broadband internet for my laptop.

B: Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer, and a prompt will tell you the payment options. 

A: I don't have an Ethernet port. My computer runs entirely on wireless service.

B: That's too bad. But there are several alternatives, if you want to hear them.

A: Yes, please! Tell me about the alternatives.

B: We run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor.

A: Very good. How much does that cost?

B: The service is free to hotel patrons. However, printing costs ten cents per page.

A: I see. And the other alternatives?

B: Alternatively, we do offer wireless in our lobby. You can bring your laptop down here.

A: Great! What if I need to print something in the lobby?

B: You would have to use the computer lab. I'm sorry for the inconvenience.


2
 Repeat

A: I need broadband for my computer.

B: No problem. Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer, and you're good to go.

A: That's a problem. My laptop has no Ethernet port, it's wireless only.

B: Hmm. Well, we have some alternatives, if you're interested.

A: Go ahead. I'm all ears.

B: We have a computer lab on the first floor.

A: That's great! How much is it?

B: It's absolutely free to guests. Except for printing, of course.

A: What about the other alternatives?

B: You could use your wireless right here in our lobby.

A: Yes, that's the ticket! And if I need to print something there?

B: Well, we don't have a printer in the lobby yet. You'll have to use the lab.


3
 Repeat

A: I'd like to get busy on my computer, but I need some broadband.

B: There's an Ethernet cable in your room. Just plug it into the back of your laptop.

A: I can't use Ethernet. My computer is wireless only.

B: That's okay. I can tell you about some alternatives we have.

A: Any alternative that works will be great.

B: Well, there's our computer lab on the first floor.

A: That sounds good. What's the charge?

B: The lab and the computers are no charge, but you have to pay for whatever you print.

A: That sounds good. Now, how about the other alternatives?

B: Of course. Our lobby is set up for wireless, so just bring your computer down here.

A: Use my laptop in the lobby? That's great! Now, if I need to print something there?

B: They plan to install a printer here. But until then, you'll have to use the lab.


4
 Repeat

A: I can't get going on my computer until I get a broadband hookup.

B: Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer, and you'll be off and running.

A: That would be okay if I had an Ethernet port. Unfortunately, my laptop uses wireless only.

B: In that case, let me tell you about some alternatives.

A: Anything to get me up and running.

B: For starters, we have a computer lab.

A: Fantastic! What do I have to pay per hour?

B: The lab is completely free. But you do have to pay a dime a page for printing.

A: That's fine. Now tell me about the other alternatives.

B: Just bring your laptop down here to the lobby. We're set up for wireless right here.

A: Great! I like that suggestion, but what if I need to print something there?

B: Unfortunately, you'll have to go to the computer lab for your printing needs.


5
 Repeat

A: How do I get online with my laptop?

B: Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer, and you'll be online in a heartbeat. 

A: I see the cable. But my computer runs on wireless only.

B: No problem. I'll tell you about our alternatives.

A: Yes, I'd love to hear what the alternatives are. 

B: Our state-of-the-art computer lab is on the first floor.

A: Great! But is it free?

B: Sir, the computers are free to guests, but you do have to pay a nominal printing fee.

A: You said there were other alternatives?

B: Just use your computer here in the lobby. It's set up for wireless.

A: That sounds like a winner. Now if I need to print something in the lobby?

B: We might have a printer here next month. But for now, you'll have to go to the lab
A: I need a doctor immediately!

B: Sir, is everything all right?

A: My wife just collapsed on the floor!

B: Sir, I need you to calm down. Take deep breaths.

A: I'm sorry. It's just that my wife. I need the emergency room.

B: Sir, I'm dialing 911 on another line.

A: What's taking you so long?

B: I'm transferring you right now. Just remain calm.


2
 Repeat

A: Help me! I need a doctor!

B: What is the problem, sir?

A: My wife is on the floor!

B: Sir, please calm down. Take a deep breath.

A: I need some help, right now!

B: Sir, I'm going to put you through to 911.

A: Hurry, please!

B: I'm transferring you right now, sir.


3
 Repeat

A: I need a doctor right now!

B: Tell me the problem, sir.

A: My wife just passed out!

B: Sir, it's difficult to understand you. Please take a deep breath and calm down.

A: Don't tell me to calm down! My wife is passed out!

B: I'm getting 911 on another line, sir.

A: Okay, but hurry.

B: Stay calm, sir, and talk clearly.


4
 Repeat

A: Get a doctor here, immediately!

B: What's the problem, sir?

A: My wife is on the floor, she's unconscious!

B: Sir, could you calm down a little bit, please?

A: Calm down?! My wife is unconscious, and you're telling me to calm down?!

B: Hold on just a second, sir. I'm dialing 911.

A: Hurry up, please.

B: I'm connecting you now, sir.


5
 Repeat

A: A doctor! I need a doctor! 

B: Give me some details, sir.

A: Something is wrong with my wife. She's lying on the floor.

B: Sir, if you don't calm down, you might have a stroke yourself. 

A: You're right, I'm beside myself with worry.

B: Hold on, sir. I'm connecting you with 911.

A: Time is critical. Hurry up!

B: I hope everything turns out well, sir. Here's 911
A: I need to copy a document immediately.

B: We have a copy machine in our computer lab, located on the first floor.

A: Great! How much is it for a copy?

B: The price per copy is ten cents.

A: That sounds reasonable. I'll be down there immediately.

B: THere shouldn't be any long lines, sir.


2
 Repeat

A: I need to copy something right now.

B: Our computer lab on the first floor has a copy machine, sir.

A: Great! How much per copy?

B: Sir, one copy is ten cents.

A: I'll be down there shortly.

B: You probably won't have to wait for anyone, sir.


3
 Repeat

A: I need to make a copy of something at once.

B: There's a copy machine on the first floor in our computer lab, sir.

A: Fantastic! Is there a charge?

B: It's ten cents a copy, sir.

A: I'm only making one copy, so I guess I can afford it.

B: A dime is still a bargain, sir.


4
 Repeat

A: I need to make a copy of a document as soon as possible.

B: No problem, sir. There's a copy machine in our computer lab.

A: Very good. How much does each copy cost?

B: Each copy will cost you a dime, sir.

A: A dime? I remember when copies used to cost a nickel.

B: There aren't many things you can get for a nickel, sir.


5
 Repeat

A: Can you tell me where I could make a copy of a document right now?

B: Sir, you can come downstairs right now to the computer lab. 

A: That's great. I don't suppose the copy machine is free for guests? 

B: Sir, each copy is ten cents or one dime, whichever you prefer. 

A: In the good old days, it was only five cents a copy. I'll be right down.

B: Those were the good old days, sir, indeed
A: I'd like to request some more amenities.

B: Amenities? What do you mean by amenities, sir?

A: The free stuff, you know, the soap, lotion, shampoo, etc.

B: I see. Sir, if I may ask: Have you used up all the amenities in your room?

A: Not at all. I still have enough for the next few days.

B: Then what is the problem, sir?

A: I need some to keep as souvenirs!

B: Souvenirs?

A: Yes, souvenirs. Trinkets to remember my trip by!

B: We do have a souvenir shop on the first floor, sir.

A: That's not the same. I never pay for hotel souvenirs!

B: I'll call housekeeping. Someone will be up with more amenities shortly.


2
 Repeat

A: I need more amenities, please.

B: Could you be a little more specific, sir?

A: To be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.

B: I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?

A: No! I've got all I need for my stay here.

B: So, what's the problem?

A: I need souvenirs!

B: You want some souvenirs!

A: Yes, yes. Souvenirs.

B: But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.

A: That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.

B: I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.


3
 Repeat

A: How do I get more amenities?

B: I'm sorry, sir. I'm not sure I understand.

A: I'm talking about the free stuff, like soap and shampoo.

B: Oh, I see. So, you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities.

A: No, no. I've got plenty left.

B: Now I'm confused again! What is the problem?

A: What am I going to do about souvenirs?

B: Oh, I get it! You want souvenirs!

A: Yes, I've got enough soap for my use, but no extra soap for souvenirs.

B: Sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items, and as a guest you get a discount.

A: Please! Free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs.

B: I understand completely, sir. Housekeeping will bring you souvenirs in just a moment.


4
 Repeat

A: Yes, I need more amenities.

B: By amenities, exactly what do you mean, please?

A: You know, the things that are free, like the soap and the shampoo.

B: Okay, I got it. You've already run out of all your amenities?

A: No, I still have plenty left, even if I took three baths a day.

B: I'm more confused now than before. How is there a problem?

A: I need to take home some souvenirs!

B: Okay, finally I understand. You would like souvenirs!

A: Yes, souvenirs that I can take home and add to my collection.

B: If it's souvenirs you want, sir, just visit our souvenir shop. It has everything.

A: Are you kidding? Whoever heard of paying for hotel souvenirs?

B: No problem at all, sir. Housekeeping will deliver you all the amenities you like in a bit.


5
 Repeat

A: I need some more amenities, please.

B: I'm not sure I'm following you, sir.

A: Specifically, I'm talking about the little things, like soap and shampoo.

B: Oh, now I understand! So, you've already used up all your amenities?

A: No, I'm not even halfway through my supply.

B: I'm losing you, sir. What's the problem?

A: What's the use of going to a hotel if you don't take home souvenirs?

B: Okay, I got it. You're collecting souvenirs!

A: There you go. My friends expect me to bring home souvenirs.

B: Have you visited our souvenir shop, sir? It's loaded with all kinds of items.

A: I've never paid for a hotel souvenir in my life, and I don't intend to start now.

B: Sir, housekeeping will bring you a basketful of amenities momentarily
A: Excuse me. Does this hotel have a fitness facility?

B: Yes, we try to accommodate all needs of our patrons, including fitness.

A: Where is your fitness facility located?

B: The gym is just below the lobby. Take the elevator or the stairs. You can't miss it.

A: Is there an additional surcharge for the gym?

B: No, the gym is free to guests. Take your room key, however, so you can get in.

A: What time is the gym open, and what time does it close?

B: The gym is open seven days a week, twenty-four hours a day.

A: Do you offer trainer services along with the gym?

B: Unfortunately, no. If you want a trainer, you'll have to use another gym.


2
 Repeat

A: Pardon me. Does your hotel have a fitness facility?

B: Yes, sir. We try to anticipate all our guests' needs, including fitness.

A: Great! Where is it?

B: Sir, the gym is just below the lobby. You can take the elevator or the stairs.

A: Do I have to pay extra?

B: No, sir. It's gratis. Just take your room key so you can get in.

A: What are the gym hours?

B: You'll be happy to know that it's open 24/7.

A: Great! Is a trainer available?

B: I'm sorry, but no. We used to have a trainer, but then he had an unfortunate accident.


3
 Repeat

A: Does this hotel have an exercise facility?

B: But of course! We have a great exercise facility.

A: Good. Now exactly where is it?

B: It's located right under our lobby. Just take the elevator or the stairs one flight down.

A: Is this going to cost me anything?

B: No, sir. The gym is absolutely free. However, be sure to take your room key with you.

A: When does the gym open and close?

B: The hours couldn't be better, 24/7.

A: Very good. Now, is there a trainer down there?

B: I wish I could tell you yes, but no, there isn't.


4
 Repeat

A: Do you have a place where I can exercise?

B: Yes, sir. We have a fine exercise facility.

A: I'm happy to hear that. Now, would you tell me where it is?

B: You're actually standing above it. Just take the elevator or stairs down one level.

A: Is the hotel going to charge me a dollar a minute for gym use?

B: No, sir. There's no extra charge. All you need is your room key to open the door.

A: And the gym hours are?

B: Sir, you'll be pleased to know that our gym never closes.

A: One more question: Do you have a trainer?

B: We might be getting one in the near future. But at the present time, no.


5
 Repeat

A: Excuse me. Do you happen to have a gym here?

B: Yes, sir. I think you'll find our gym quite satisfactory.

A: So, where do I go to exercise?

B: It's only one flight down, sir. Just take the elevator or the stairs.

A: Am I going to be charged extra for using the gym?

B: Sir, you can use the gym for free. All you need is your room key.

A: Great! Now tell me, what are the hours of this gym?

B: Sir, our gym is open around the clock, every day of the week.

A: Do you have a trainer to help me work out?

B: I'm sorry, sir, but we have no trainer
A: I want to change rooms. In fact, I want a refund for tonight!

B: And the problem is, sir?

A: Cockroaches have taken over my room!

B: My apologies, sir. We'll give you a new room and refund the value of your current room.

A: Thank you. I want to continue to be able to recommend this hotel to others.

B: We always try to serve our guests in the most agreeable way possible.


2
 Repeat

A: I want to change rooms immediately, plus a refund for tonight.

B: I'm sorry, sir. Exactly what is the problem?

A: I'm knee-deep in cockroaches!

B: I'm so sorry, sir. We'll give you a new room immediately, and give you a refund also.

A: Thank you. I'm glad that this hotel strives to keep its reputation intact.

B: Sir, we always try to please our guests.


3
 Repeat

A: I'm quite upset! I want a new room and a refund for tonight.

B: Forgive me, sir, I haven't been told what the problem is.

A: I'm about to be swept away by millions of cockroaches!

B: My apologies, sir. We'll transfer you to a new room at once and give you a full refund.

A: Thank you. I didn't want to have to take this to court.

B: Sir, we never want a guest to stay here mad or unhappy.


4
 Repeat

A: This room is unacceptable. I want a new one, and I want a refund for tonight.

B: Would you please tell me the exact problem, sir?

A: I'm being attacked by hordes of cockroaches!

B: Oh, my gosh, they're back? Another room at once, sir, plus a full refund, of course.

A: Thank you very much. This has been a most unsettling experience.

B: Sir, our guests are our reason for being.


5
 Repeat

A: This room is unfit for humans. I want another room, and I want a refund for tonight.

B: Perhaps if you would be kind enough to tell me the problem, sir.

A: In a word, cockroaches!

B: Oh, no, are they back? I'll give you another room immediately, sir, and a refund for tonight.

A: Thank you. I'm glad that you don't believe that your guests are liars.

B: Sir, without happy guests, we are nothing.


6
 Repeat

A: I want to change rooms. In fact, I want a refund for tonight!

B: If you tell me the exact problem, I can be more helpful.

A: Cockroaches have declared war on my room!

B: Allow me to apologize. I'll give you another room right now, and a full refund for tonight.

A: Thank you for not asking me to collect the roaches in a jar as evidence. 

B: Sir, only your mother wants to please you more than we do
A: I have a little problem with room 507.

B: What exactly seems to be the problem, Mr. Sandals?

A: I found cockroaches in my room.

B: Cockroaches, sir? That's unbelievable.

A: I've seen at least nine different cockroaches in my room.

B: Sir, are you sure you haven't seen the same silverfish nine times?

A: There are nine cockroaches in my room. I don't have time for your disbelief!

B: I apologize. One moment, please, while I transfer you to my supervisor.


2
 Repeat

A: I'm in 507. I have a few problems with my room.

B: What is that problem, sir?

A: There are cockroaches in my room.

B: Are you sure, sir? Flies I could believe, but cockroaches?

A: I've counted nine different cockroaches, and I accidentally stepped on another one.

B: Sir, we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel.

A: You dare to doubt me?

B: I'm sorry, sir. Let me transfer you to my supervisor.


3
 Repeat

A: There's a big problem with my room. I'm in 507.

B: Would you tell me the nature of the problem, sir?

A: I have cockroaches crawling in my room.

B: Perhaps you saw a silverfish, sir.

A: I've seen nine more cockroaches than I wanted to see.

B: Sir, you haven't been drinking by any chance, have you?

A: How dare you question my statement!

B: Forgive me. You're 100 percent correct. Allow me to transfer you to my supervisor.


4
 Repeat

A: There's a major problem with room 507.

B: I'm sorry to hear that. Please tell me the exact problem.

A: This room is overrun with cockroaches.

B: There has been an occasional silverfish in the hotel, sir.

A: I stopped counting at nine.

B: Sir, this hotel just passed a thorough insect inspection with flying colors.

A: Your inspector needs spectacles. The fact is that cockroaches are running rampant.

B: I apologize, sir. Just a second, while I transfer you to my supervisor.


5
 Repeat

A: I'm in 507, and I have a big problem. 

B: I'm so sorry. Kindly tell me what the problem is, sir.

A: Everywhere I look, I see cockroaches.

B: Perhaps you could look again, sir, to double-check.

A: The next cockroach I see will be number ten.

B: Mr. Sandals, I've worked here five years without seeing one cockroach.

A: I've already suffered enough without listening anymore to you!

B: You're right, sir. Please let me transfer you to my supervisor.


6
 Repeat

A: I have a little problem with room 507.

B: Problems are what we're here for, sir. Please tell me your problem.

A: This room is filthy with cockroaches. 

B: Were you wearing your glasses when you noticed them, sir?

A: I've already seen nine of them and, as they say, eight is enough! 

B: Sir, sometimes a fast elevator ride makes our guests see spots.

A: You are not in a position to question my vision or my statement!

B: I'm very sorry, sir. Will you please hold while I transfer you to my supervisor
A: I'd like to order dinner.

B: What would you like?

A: I'd like to order a bottle of champagne, lobster tail, and filet mignon, medium rare.

B: I'm sorry. We're currently out of filet mignon. May I suggest the porterhouse instead?

A: I'd prefer the filet, but the porterhouse will do.

B: And may I suggest chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne?

A: Normally, I would take you up on that suggestion, but just the champagne will do for tonight.

B: Okay, no strawberries. Room service will be charged to your amenities account. Is that all right?

A: That's fine.

B: It will be up shortly. Enjoy your food, sir.


2
 Repeat

A: Could I order dinner?

B: Of course. What would you like?

A: I want a bottle of champagne, lobster tail, and filet mignon, medium rare.

B: I'm so sorry. We ran out of filet mignon. May I suggest the porterhouse instead?

A: That's too bad, but the porterhouse will be okay.

B: May I be so bold as to suggest chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne?

A: Not tonight, thank you.

B: No strawberries. We'll charge your amenities account, if that's okay.

A: Charge it to whatever account you like.

B: Your meal will be delivered as soon as it's all ready. Enjoy!


3
 Repeat

A: Could you bring me some food, please?

B: Sure. What do you fancy?

A: Can I have a bottle of champagne, lobster tail, and filet mignon, medium rare?

B: Sir, the filet mignon was so popular tonight that we ran out. May I suggest the porterhouse?

A: No filet? Okay, porterhouse will be fine then.

B: Perhaps you would like chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne?

A: Not tonight, but thank you for the suggestion.

B: Okay. This will be charged to your amenities account, okay?

A: No problem.

B: Your food will be brought to you momentarily. I hope you enjoy it.


4
 Repeat

A: I'd like you to bring me some food.

B: Just name it, sir.

A: Please send up a bottle of champagne, lobster tail, and filet mignon, medium rare.

B: Regrettably, we're currently out of filet mignon. May I suggest the porterhouse instead?

A: Sure, I love porterhouse, too.

B: Would you be interested in chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne?

A: I'd love to, but I'm allergic to strawberries.

B: Okay, no strawberries tonight. The items will be charged to your amenities account.

A: Go right ahead.

B: Our staff will bring you your order in as short a time as possible.


5
 Repeat

A: I need something to eat, please.

B: Tell me what you're hungry for.

A: I feel like champagne, lobster tail, and filet mignon, medium rare.

B: Unfortunately, we're out of filet mignon at the moment. May I suggest the porterhouse instead?

A: I prefer filet, but porterhouse is good, too.

B: Perhaps I could interest you in chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne?

A: Just the champagne will be fine, thank you.

B: You'll see this charge on your amenities account.

A: That's fine.

B: It won't be long until your food is delivered. I know you'll enjoy it.


6
 Repeat

A: Can I order something from the kitchen?

B: Just tell me what you'd like, please.

A: A bottle of champagne, lobster tail, and filet mignon, medium rare would hit the spot.

B: I hate to tell you this, but we have no more filet mignon. May I suggest the porterhouse instead?

A: Sure! Right now, I would even eat hamburger!

B: Have you ever tried chocolate-covered strawberries with champagne? 

A: Thank you, but I just finished eating some chocolate-covered cherries. 

B: That'll be a bottle of champagne, lobster tail, and porterhouse, all charged to your amenities account.

A: Not a problem.

B: Please call if you have any other requests. Your food will be delivered promptly
A: I need a suggestion for a restaurant here in Manhattan.

B: Certainly! How much are you planning to spend on dinner, sir?

A: My date's very sophisticated, so I'm sure she would expect nothing but the best.

B: May I suggest our own hotel restaurant? It got three stars in the latest restaurant review.

A: No, thank you, I want to go out on the town. What other ideas do you have?

B: There's always Gramercy Tavern. They have live jazz. The food is delicious, but very expensive.

A: That sounds like a good place to take a date. Can you make a reservation for me?

B: As you wish, sir. You'll have a wonderful time there.


2
 Repeat

A: Can you tell me about a nice restaurant to go to?

B: Of course! How much would you like to spend on your meal?

A: My date is quite sophisticated. She would expect nothing less than the best.

B: Well, how about our own hotel restaurant? It's conveniently located and has a three-star rating.

A: That's a good idea, except I want to go out, not stay in. Something else, maybe?

B: Well, how about Gramercy Tavern? It's a very popular tourist spot, with great food and music.

A: That sounds good! Could you call them to see if I can get a reservation?

B: Of course, sir. You've made a good choice.


3
 Repeat

A: So, now I need your help again, if you don't mind. I'm taking a date to a restaurant.

B: I'd love to help you! What is your budget for the dinner?

A: She strikes me as being very sophisticated. Only the best will do for her.

B: Well, what do you think about our very own hotel restaurant? It is very upscale, with a three-star rating.

A: I don't want to be cooped up in my own hotel tonight. How about another restaurant?

B: The Gramercy Tavern is highly rated. It has great food and live jazz, but it's not cheap.

A: Yes, that sounds like a winner. Would you please call them to reserve a table?

B: I'm already dialing, sir.


4
 Repeat

A: I'm taking a date to a restaurant, so could you please direct me to a good one?

B: But of course! How much are you thinking of spending on dinner?

A: She deserves nothing but the best, of course.

B: In that case, I would suggest our own hotel restaurant. The chef, the food, and the service are outstanding.

A: I promised her I would take her out to a restaurant. Do you have another one in mind?

B: You can always go to Gramercy Tavern. It's quite popular, despite its expensive entrees. 

A: Great food and lots of patrons? What more could I want? Please reserve a table for me.

B: Yes, sir. You're going to have a great time.


5
 Repeat

A: I'm taking my date to a restaurant. Could you tell me about one or two good ones?

B: My pleasure! How much would you like to spend on your date?

A: She will want an excellent restaurant, of course.

B: You should know that our hotel chef was trained in Paris. The service and food are world-class.

A: I wanted to go out somewhere, not stay here. Do you know of another good restaurant?

B: You can't go wrong with Gramercy Tavern. It's famous for its food, service, and live jazz.

A: I like that! Could you please call them to see if we can get in tonight?

B: At once, sir. You'll love this place, I assure you.


6
 Repeat

A: Well, I've got a date. Now I need to find a restaurant. Can you help me? 

B: No problem, of course! How much would you like to spend to impress the lady?

A: Nothing but the best for a pretty woman!

B: Sir, the restaurant you seek is right here. This hotel has a three-star restaurant.

A: I sort of suggested that we would go out on the town. Do you have another suggestion?

B: Gramercy Tavern is at least as good as our own hotel restaurant. Plus, they have live jazz.

A: Gramercy Tavern? I think I've heard of that before. Call to get us a table, okay?

B: Right away, sir. She will be impressed with your local knowledge
A: The front desk told me to ask you for sightseeing advice.

B: Of course. I'd be more than happy to help. I am, after all, the hotel's concierge.

A: Concierge? What exactly is that?

B: We advise you on where to visit, eat, or shop during your stay here in New York.

A: Great! So where should I start my sightseeing?

B: The Statue of Liberty is always a good place to begin.

A: I saw the Statue of Liberty on my last visit here. Can you recommend somewhere else?

B: Hmm. What type of interests do you have?

A: In my spare time, I really like to view art and go running.

B: Aha! Have you been to Central Park or the Museum of Modern Art?

A: No, but I've heard a lot about both.

B: Well, Central Park is wonderful for running. Afterwards, you should head to the Museum to enjoy the art.

A: Great! That sounds like a plan. Thanks a lot.

B: I'm sure you'll have a good time there.


2
 Repeat

A: I was told to see you about going sightseeing.

B: It's my pleasure. I'm the hotel's concierge, at your service.

A: Concierge? Could you explain that to me?

B: We help direct hotel visitors to popular places to visit, eat, and shop.

A: Very good. So where shall I begin my sightseeing?

B: I would suggest the Statue of Liberty.

A: Gee, I've already seen the Statue of Liberty. What about another site?

B: Let me see. What do you like to do in your spare time?

A: I really like to run. And I like art.

B: Well, there you go! Have you ever visited either Central Park or the Museum of Modern Art?

A: No, but I've been meaning to.

B: Well, Central Park is fantastic for running. Then you can go to the Museum to look at the beautiful art.

A: That sounds like a great plan. I'll do that.

B: Enjoy your run and your visit!


3
 Repeat

A: I need some sightseeing advice.

B: That's what I'm here for, sir. Every good hotel has a concierge like me.

A: I don't travel a lot. What exactly is a concierge?

B: A concierge helps visitors like you find great places to visit, shop, and eat.

A: That's great! So tell me, where should I go first?

B: I'd suggest that you start at the Statue of Liberty.

A: You know, I've already been there. Can you suggest another place?

B: Maybe. Tell me what you like to do in your spare time.

A: When I have some free time, I often spend it running or at museums.

B: Well, have you ever been to either Central Park or the Museum of Modern Art?

A: No, but I sure would like to.

B: Central Park is great for just about everything outdoors. Then you can visit the Museum of Modern Art.

A: Both places sound great. I'll try to do that today.

B: Enjoy the views at both places.


4
 Repeat

A: I'm going sightseeing, but I'd like to get your advice first.

B: I'm only too happy to help. Tourists should always check with their concierge first.

A: Concierge? I'm not familiar with that word.

B: A concierge directs visitors to the city's great tourist, shopping, and eating places.

A: That sounds great. Now, is there any place that I should hit first?

B: Well, if you're like most people, you'll want to go to the Statue of Liberty.

A: I've already seen it, I loved it, but today I want to go somewhere else.

B: Sure! Tell me about your interests.

A: I like to run and I like to see the works of the masters.

B: You'll get along fabulously at Central Park and the Museum of Modern Art! Have you been to either?

A: No, I just haven't had the opportunity.

B: You'll love Central Park for running. Later on, you can go to the Museum of Modern Art.

A: Thank you. That's what I'll do.

B: This might be the best day of your visit.


5
 Repeat

A: I need some sightseeing advice. I was told to come to see you.

B: As your concierge, it is my pleasure to help you, sir.

A: Concierge? Are we speaking English here?

B: A concierge helps you find all the great places for visiting, shopping, and eating.

A: What would you suggest that I visit first?

B: How about starting at the Statue of Liberty? Many people like to begin there.

A: The last time I was here, I visited the Statue. So do you have another place in mind?

B: I think so. Tell me what interests you.

A: I'm big on running, although maybe I like art even more than running.

B: Then you must go to Central Park and the Museum of Modern Art! Have you been to either one?

A: No. I haven't had a chance to go to either of them.

B: Both places are usually crowded with natives and tourists. You'll love the Park and the Museum.

A: Thank you. That's great advice.

B: This might be the best day of your visit.


6
 Repeat

A: Can you give me some advice about going sightseeing? 

B: Your concierge, sir, is the right person to ask when you need sightseeing advice.

A: What in the world is a concierge?

B: We direct visitors to all the great tourist, shopping, and eating spots in the city.

A: Then what would you recommend as a starting point for my sightseeing?

B: Definitely the Statue of Liberty. I think that that is everyone's favorite first stop. 

A: Actually, I've already been there twice. Do you have another suggestion?

B: I think I can come up with something. How do you spend your spare time?

A: I keep my body healthy by running and my mind active by visiting museums.

B: Well, the Museum of Modern Art and Central Park were made for you! Have you gone to either one?

A: No, although I've heard great things about both of them.

B: You don't want to miss either place. Central Park and the Museum of Modern Art are big and beautiful.

A: Sounds great! I'll get my running gear and then I'm out of here.

B: This is a day you're going to remember for a long time
A: I need to request a wake-up call for tomorrow morning.

B: What time do you want the call?

A: I need two calls, one at 7 and another at 7:15.

B: We can certainly do that. Expect a call from us at 7:00, and then again at 7:15.

A: Actually, can I change the latter wake-up call to 7:30 am?

B: I can certainly do that. Is there anything else?

A: I can't think of anything. If I do think of something, I'll be sure to call again.

B: Okay. Good night, sir.


2
 Repeat

A: I need a wake-up call tomorrow morning.

B: Of course. When would you like the call?

A: Actually, I need two calls, one at 7 and the other at 7:15.

B: No problem. We'll give you both calls.

A: Do you know what, let's change the second call to 7:30.

B: No problem. Anything else, sir?

A: Not at the moment, thank you.

B: Let me know if you do need anything.


3
 Repeat

A: Can you give me a wake-up call tomorrow?

B: Certainly. What time would you like us to call you?

A: I need two wake-up calls, if you don't mind, one at 7 and the other at 7:15.

B: Not a problem. We'll call you tomorrow morning at 7, and again at 7:15.

A: On second thought, you'd better make that second call at 7:30 instead of 7:15.

B: Said, and done. Will there be anything else?

A: No, that gets it for now, thank you.

B: Well, give us a call if there's anything more we can help you with.


4
 Repeat

A: Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call.

B: Not a problem. What time shall we call you?

A: I always hit the snooze button, so give me two calls, one at 7 and another at 7:15.

B: It'll be our pleasure. We'll call you at 7 and then at 7:15.

A: Oops, cancel that. Change the second call to 7:30, will you, please?

B: No sooner said than done. Can I help you with anything else?

A: No, that's about it for now.

B: Okay, sir. Have a pleasant evening.


5
 Repeat

A: I need a wake-up call tomorrow.

B: What time would you like your wake-up call?

A: I need two calls, one at 7 and another at 7:15.

B: That is no problem at all, of course. You'll get a call at 7:00, and another at 7:15.

A: Then again, I think 7:15 is too early. Change 7:15 to 7:30, please.

B: So, that'll be a call at 7 and another at 7:30. Do you have any other requests?

A: Not just now, but if I do think of something later, I'll give you a ring.

B: Okay, sir. Sleep well.


6
 Repeat

A: I've got to get up early tomorrow, so please give me a wake-up call.

B: Of course. We can give you a call anytime you like.

A: Actually, I need two calls, one at 7 and the other at 7:15.

B: Your wish is our command. Expect a call at 7, and another one at 7:15. 

A: Wait a minute! I don't like 7:15, now that I think about it. Change it to 7:30.

B: The second call is now changed to 7:30. Is there anything else we can help you with?

A: Nothing that I can think of right now. If something comes up, though, I'll call you.

B: We're here all night long if you need anything
A: I have a reservation. My name is John Sandals.

B: May I see your ID, please, Mr. Sandals?

A: Certainly. Here it is.

B: Thank you. Do you have a credit card, Mr. Sandals?

A: Yes, I do. Do you accept American Express?

B: Sorry, sir, just VISA or MasterCard.

A: Here's my VISA card.

B: Okay. You're in room 507. It's a single queen-size bed, spacious, and nonsmoking. Is that suitable?

A: Yes, it sounds like everything I expected.

B: Here's your key, sir. If you need anything, just dial 0 on your room phone.


2
 Repeat

A: I have a reservation under the name of Sandals.

B: Could I see your ID, please, sir?

A: Of course! Let me take it out of my wallet.

B: Thank you, sir. Now, do you have a credit card, sir?

A: Yes, of course. Is American Express okay?

B: I'm sorry, sir. Only VISA or MasterCard.

A: In that case, here's my VISA.

B: Thank you. Your room number is 507, queen bed, nonsmoking. Is that agreeable to you, sir?

A: Yes, I'm easy to please.

B: Very good. Here is your room key, sir. If you need anything at all, please dial 0.


3
 Repeat

A: My name is Sandals, I have a reservation.

B: May I see your identification, please, sir?

A: Here you are.

B: Thanks. Do you have a credit card, sir?

A: Of course. Will American Express do?

B: I'm very sorry, sir. We accept only VISA or MasterCard.

A: No problem. Here's my VISA.

B: Thanks. Room 507 is a spacious, nonsmoking room, with a queen bed. Does that meet your expectations?

A: Yes, that sounds like what I want.

B: That's wonderful, sir. Now, here's your key. Should you need anything, just dial 0.


4
 Repeat

A: I'm John Sandals, and I have a reservation.

B: Would you show me your ID, sir, please?

A: Here you go.

B: Thank you very much. Now, sir, do you have a credit card?

A: Certainly! Would you like my American Express card?

B: Regrettably, Mr. Sandals, we accept only MasterCard or VISA.

A: I thought American Express was accepted everywhere. Never mind. Here's my VISA.

B: Thanks. You're in room 507, a big, nonsmoking room, with a queen bed. Is that okay, sir?

A: Yes, that's just fine.

B: I'm happy to hear that. Here is your key. Just dial 0 if you need anything.


5
 Repeat

A: My name is John Sandals, and I've got a reservation.

B: May I see some identification, sir, please?

A: Sure. Here you are.

B: Thank you so much. Have you got a credit card, Mr. Sandals?

A: I sure do. How about American Express?

B: Unfortunately, at the present time we take only MasterCard or VISA.

A: No American Express? Okay, here's my VISA.

B: Thank you, sir. You'll be in room 507, nonsmoking, with a queen-size bed. Do you approve, sir? 

A: Yes, that'll be fine.

B: That's great. This is your key, sir. If you need anything at all, anytime, just dial zero.


6
 Repeat

A: I've got a reservation here. My name is John Sandals.

B: Mr. Sandals, may I see your ID, please? 

A: One second, please, while I dig it out here. 

B: Now, sir, do you have a credit card?

A: Yes, I do. Do you accept American Express?

B: I'm sorry, Mr. Sandals, but we accept only MasterCard or VISA.

A: That's okay, I've got plenty of cards. Here's my VISA.

B: Okay. You're in room 507. It's a single queen-size bed, spacious, and nonsmoking. Is that suitable?

A: Yes, that's just what I wanted. 

B: Here's your key, sir. If you need anything, just dial 0 on your room phone
A: I'd like to reserve a hotel room.

B: That should be no problem. May I have your full name, please?

A: My name is John Sandals.

B: Hello, Mr. Sandals. My name is Michelle. What days do you need that reservation, sir?

A: I'm planning to visit New York from Friday, April 14 until Monday, April 17. 

B: Our room rates recently went up. Is that okay with you, Mr. Sandals?

A: How much per night are we talking about?

B: Each night will be $308.

A: That price is perfectly acceptable.

B: Wonderful! Do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room?

A: Nonsmoking, please.

B: Next question: Is a queen-size bed okay?

A: That sounds fine.

B: Okay, Mr. Sandals. Your reservation is in our computer. All we need now is a phone number.

A: Certainly. My phone number is 626-555-1739.

B: Thank you, Mr. Sandals. We look forward to seeing you in New York!


2
 Repeat

A: Hi there, I want to reserve a hotel room.

B: No problem at all. Could I have your full name, please?

A: Sure, John Sandals.

B: Hi, Mr. Sandals. I'm Michelle, at your service. When do you need the room? 

A: My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th. 

B: We have new room rates, sir. Will that be acceptable to you?

A: It depends on the price, of course. What is it?

B: It's $308 a night.

A: I have no problem with that.

B: Great! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking?

A: Definitely nonsmoking. I can't handle that smell.

B: Nonsmoking. Now, is a queen-size bed okay?

A: No problem.

B: Great, Mr. Sandals. Your reservation is confirmed. Now all I need is your phone number.

A: Of course! It's area code 626-555-1739.

B: Thank you so much, Mr. Sandals. We look forward to seeing you!


3
 Repeat

A: I need to reserve a room.

B: Not a problem. May I have your name, please?

A: Of course. I'm John Sandals.

B: Hi, sir. My name is Michelle. Could you tell me when you need the room?

A: Right now. I plan to be there in April from the 14th to the 17th. 

B: Perhaps you didn't know that we have new room rates. Do you find that acceptable, sir?

A: Maybe. How much is a room?

B: The price per night is $308.

A: That sounds fine to me.

B: Fantastic! Would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room?

A: I hate cigarettes! Nonsmoking.

B: That'll be nonsmoking. Now, do you approve of a single queen-size bed?

A: That'll be no problem.

B: I'm happy to hear that, sir. Your reservation is all set except for your phone number.

A: Sure! My number is 626-555-1739.

B: 626-555-1739. Thank you for doing business with us, Mr. Sandals.


4
 Repeat

A: I need a hotel room.

B: That's no problem at all. May I have your name, please?

A: Certainly. My name is John Sandals.

B: It's a pleasure, Mr. Sandals. My name is Michelle. What days will you need a room?

A: Friday afternoon, April 14 through Monday morning, April 17.

B: One minor problem, sir. Our prices are now slightly higher. Is that acceptable, sir?

A: Please tell me the price, so I can make a decision.

B: It'll be $308 nightly.

A: That's a reasonable price.

B: Good! Now, sir, do you have a preference for smoking or nonsmoking?

A: I quit smoking, so nonsmoking.

B: I hear you, sir. Nonsmoking. Now, about the bed, is a queen-size okay?

A: A queen sounds great.

B: Okay, sir, let me reserve those dates, there. Now, if you'll just tell me your phone number.

A: That would be 626-555-1739.

B: That's 626-555-1739. Thank you so much for choosing our hotel, sir!


5
 Repeat

A: I need a room for a few days.

B: That won't be a problem. Could you please tell me your name?

A: John Sandals. That's S A N D A L S.

B: Sir, I'm Michelle, and I run the front desk. Please tell me the days you'll be here.

A: I'll be there in April: Friday through Monday, the 14th through the 17th.

B: We recently changed many things here, sir, including our prices. Do you mind, sir?

A: Possibly. What's the actual price?

B: The price will be $308 a night.

A: $308! That's not bad.

B: Very good. Now, Mr. Sandals, about the room, smoking or nonsmoking?

A: Nonsmoking, definitely! 

B: Most of our clients prefer nonsmoking. Now, does a queen sound okay?

A: Yes, that'll be just fine.

B: One more second, sir. Your reservation is now verified, so all I need is your phone number.

A: It's 626-555-1739.

B: Let me repeat that: 626-555-1739. Okay, sir, we look forward to seeing you in April!


6
 Repeat

A: Can I reserve a hotel room? 

B: I assure you, that's not a problem. What is your full name, please? 

A: My name's John Sandals.

B: It's a pleasure to assist you. Please tell me when you'll be needing the room, sir.

A: If my plans don't change, I'll need a room April 14 till April 17.

B: Sir, our room prices are slightly higher than you may have thought. Will that be okay?

A: Tell me how much it will be, and I can tell you if it's okay.

B: Only $308 per night, before taxes, of course.

A: $308 a night? That's a fair price.

B: Now, as for the room, sir, do you prefer smoking or nonsmoking?

A: Nonsmoking, please.

B: Nonsmoking. Now, sir, does a single queen-size bed meet your approval?

A: I have absolutely no problem with that.

B: Queen, nonsmoking. Okay, sir, your room is reserved. Now if you'll just give me your phone number. 

A: Not a problem. The number is 626-555-1739. 

B: Thank you for making a reservation with us. We look forward to seeing you in April
A: It's great to be home!

B: Did you have a nice trip?

A: It had its surprises, but when all was said and done, it was a good trip.

B: What was your favorite part?

A: I loved our full moon beach party.

B: What were the people like? Were they friendly?

A: The people were basically quite friendly.

B: Did you bring me anything?

A: I brought you a lovely souvenir that I will be giving you for your birthday next week.

B: I can't wait until I get to be the one to go on vacation.


2
 Repeat

A: I love traveling, but I love coming home, too!

B: Did you enjoy your vacation?

A: It had its ups and downs, but I really enjoyed it.

B: What did you like the best?

A: I absolutely enjoyed the kayak trip we took to an outlying island.

B: Did you enjoy the people there? Did they like you?

A: Most of the people seemed happy that we were there, but some of them really resented visitors.

B: What did you bring back for me?

A: I did get you something, and I will give to you as soon as I unpack.

B: Next time, I am going to save up my money and go with you.


3
 Repeat

A: How nice it is to be home again with all of my family!

B: Did your journey turn out as well as you had hoped it would?

A: All trips have good and bad points, but this one had mostly good ones.

B: Did you have something you enjoyed the most?

A: My favorite thing was the amazing food.

B: Were the people receptive to having visitors?

A: You could tell that some people did not have a favorable view of Americans.

B: Did you get me a souvenir?

A: Of course I brought you something!

B: Next time I am going to be the one to go away, and you can stay home and feed the dog
A: Is this where I catch the Super Shuttle?

B: Yes, this is where you catch the Super Shuttle. Where are you headed?

A: I am headed home to Pasadena.

B: You can tell where each van is headed by the name on the front of the van. I am the driver for Glendale, but your van should be along in a minute.

A: Do you know how much it costs to get to Pasadena?

B: I believe the cost of that trip is sixty dollars.

A: Do you know if the shuttle goes directly to Pasadena, or does it make a lot of stops?

B: Before you pay the driver, you need to ask him. He needs to be upfront with you about the number of stops he will be making.

A: Do I need to have exact change?

B: You don't need exact change, but it is useful to have smaller bills.


2
 Repeat

A: They told me inside that I should catch the Super Shuttle here.

B: You are in the right place to catch the Super Shuttle. What is your destination?

A: I am trying to get to my home in Pasadena.

B: Look at the sign on the front of the van to tell where each van is headed. My van is going to Glendale, but yours will be along in minute.

A: How much does a trip to Pasadena cost?

B: If I remember correctly, that trip costs sixty dollars.

A: I am hoping that this shuttle goes straight to my city without making a bunch of stops.

B: Always ask the driver how many stops he plans to make before you pay him.

A: If I have large bills, should I break them while I am waiting?

B: It is better if you have cash close to the amount of the fare. There is an ATM machine right over there.


3
 Repeat

A: Am I in the right place to catch the Super Shuttle?

B: This is the Super Shuttle stop. Where are you trying to get to?

A: My final destination is my home in Pasadena.

B: The destination of each van is always written across the top. I have Glendale written on mine, but your van will be here shortly.

A: What is the price of a shuttle trip to Pasadena?

B: The trip to Pasadena costs sixty dollars.

A: I need to know if this shuttle is going to make a lot of stops or go straight to Pasadena.

B: If you find out the driver will be making too many stops on the way, you may wish to wait for a more direct shuttle.

A: What should I pay the driver with?

B: There is an ATM machine over by that wall. It is best if you have bills close to the amount that you will owe.




26. Local Customs















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: This is really a fascinating city!

B: Yes, this city is thousands of years old and has quite a history!

A: I really love this temple we are visiting.

B: As you enter the temple, please remove your shoes as the others are doing.

A: It is so quiet here.

B: Yes, they are showing respect to their gods. People come here to pray and meditate.

A: I noticed that the women all have some sort of head covering.

B: It is a tradition that women cover their heads while in the temple.

A: I noticed that all of the people were eating with their hands at dinner last night.

B: Yes, that is another custom that people practice here.


2
 Repeat

A: I have never traveled to a place that was so different from my home.

B: Yes, this city has a fascinating and diverse past. It is thousands of years old!

A: This temple is beautiful!

B: Please make sure that you remove your shoes before you enter the temple.

A: It is very quiet in here even though there are a lot of people in this area.

B: Yes, even the children are expected to be respectful and quiet here. People need quiet to meditate.

A: The women all seem to have beautiful scarves or veils on their heads.

B: Women in this society would not consider setting foot in a temple without their head being covered.

A: I noticed at dinner last night that people in this country like to use their bread to eat with instead of silverware.

B: Yes, that bread is made of a special texture that works well for that.


3
 Repeat

A: This city is certainly very different from what I am used to at home.

B: This is an amazing city. It is quite ancient with a diverse past!

A: What an amazing temple!

B: See how everyone is removing their shoes before entering? We need to do the same.

A: The people in this room are very quiet.

B: This is an area of peace and tranquility. It is expected that people keep their voices down out of respect for those who are meditating.

A: The women's scarves are quite beautiful.

B: Women of this faith must have their heads covered to enter the temple.

A: Last night at dinner, I noticed that everyone was using bread to eat with instead of silverware.

B: Yes, eating your curry or vegetables with your bread is a custom in this country.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




25. Being Cautious in a Big City















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Is there anything special I need to think about as I tour this city?

B: You need to keep in mind that this is a very poor country. Things are a little more desperate here than you are used to.

A: What do I need to look for?

B: Be particularly vigilant anytime you are in a crowded place with other tourists. Pickpockets know that tourists aren't paying all that much attention.

A: I have seen many children on the street begging, so what do I do about them?

B: It is best not to give money to children or other beggars on the street, as they can swarm you. You can give money to a local charity.

A: Should I be concerned about what I eat or drink?

B: Do not drink any water that isn't bottled. Avoid street vendor food.

A: How about being out on the street at night?

B: I would take a cab to your destination at night. Don't walk down the street alone.


2
 Repeat

A: This city is much larger than the one I live in, and I wonder if there is anything special that I need to keep in mind.

B: Crime can happen anywhere, but it is a little worse here because of the poverty.

A: Should I be vigilant about anything in particular?

B: The train stations, airports, and tourist sites are favorite spots for pickpockets.

A: When I see children on the street begging, what amount should I give them?

B: I wouldn't suggest giving money to them. Most of them are put out there by adults who then take their money.

A: Can I eat or drink anything I want to?

B: Do not use tap water at all, not even to brush your teeth. Only eat fruit that has been peeled.

A: Can I walk around and see the sights at night?

B: I would be sure to travel in a group at night. Stay in well-lit areas.


3
 Repeat

A: Do I need to take any special safety precautions in this city?

B: This is a very large city with a lot of crowds to work your way through. Keep in mind that poverty makes people a little more desperate.

A: What should I watch out for?

B: You have to pay special attention at train stations, airports, and tourist sites. They are known for having a lot of pickpockets.

A: There are so many children begging on the street that I don't know which ones to give money to.

B: It is a natural instinct to want to give money to those children, but it is better to give money to one of the local charities or schools.

A: Are the local food and drink safe?

B: Avoid eating food prepared by street vendors. Use only bottled water.

A: How safe is it to be out at night?

B: You should always travel with others at night and stick to well-lit areas.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




24. Losing the Wallet and Passport















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I can't find my purse!

B: What was in your purse?

A: It contained my wallet and passport.

B: How much money was in your wallet?

A: There was about $200 in my wallet, and I had some traveler's checks in there, too.

B: We can call American Express to deal with the traveler's checks. How about credit cards?

A: I had a MasterCard and a Visa Card.

B: We can look at the back of my cards to get the emergency phone numbers.

A: Where do I report that my passport is missing?

B: We need to take a cab to the embassy to report that right away. They will help us.


2
 Repeat

A: I think that someone stole my purse!

B: What did you have in your purse?

A: Both my wallet and my passport were in there.

B: Did you have a lot of money in your wallet?

A: Fortunately there was only a little change and some traveler's checks.

B: Did you have any credit cards in your wallet? We need to report them as well as the traveler's checks.

A: I only had a Visa Card in my wallet.

B: We can call the front desk to get the lost or stolen card phone numbers.

A: I am worried about reporting my passport as missing.

B: The embassy can help us. We should walk over there and they can advise us on what we can do about replacing your passport.


3
 Repeat

A: I left my purse in the taxi!

B: Can you remember what you had in your purse?

A: I had my wallet and my passport in that purse.

B: How much cash was in your wallet?

A: Most of my money was in traveler's checks with just a little amount in cash.

B: Do you know what credit cards you had in your wallet? We can call and report those as well as your traveler's checks.

A: I had an American Express Card and a Visa Card in my wallet.

B: We can call the information number to get the phone numbers for lost or stolen cards.

A: Do you know how to report a missing passport?

B: We need to contact the embassy right away. They will be able to help you replace your passport.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




23. Trying to Find a Doctor















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I am really not feeling very well.

B: Do you think you need to go to a doctor?

A: I think that we should maybe check into how to find a doctor in this country.

B: I don't know where to begin looking for a doctor here.

A: I think that we should call the front desk to see if they can help us.

B: I have an American Express card. I heard that their travel services are quite good.

A: That sounds like a great idea!

B: Do you have travel insurance?

A: Yes, I bought travel health insurance.

B: I am going to call down to the office right now and see what they can do for us.


2
 Repeat

A: I haven't felt well since we ate dinner at that restaurant with the fish on the menu.

B: Should I look into finding a doctor for you?

A: I feel bad enough that I am thinking about how we could find a doctor.

B: How does someone find a physician in this country?

A: The front desk should be able to find a doctor on call for us.

B: With my American Express card, we could probably get a good referral for a doctor.

A: Yes, the card should help us find a good doctor.

B: Did you buy supplemental health insurance for travelers?

A: Yes, I am insured by a supplemental policy.

B: I will call American Express right now, and we'll get you some medical advice.


3
 Repeat

A: I think I am running a fever, and my stomach hurts.

B: Do you feel bad enough that we should call a doctor?

A: I don't want to wait till the last minute to try and locate a physician.

B: Do you know how to find a doctor in this country?

A: The front desk would probably be our best source for a doctor.

B: I am going to call the travel services number on my American Express card to get a referral.

A: I am sure that they could refer us to a good doctor.

B: Are you insured by a traveler's insurance policy?

A: No, but I checked before I left, and my home health policy covers me here.

B: I will call the insurance company and see what doctor they want us to use.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




22. Shopping for Souvenirs















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I want to look at the souvenirs over at the souvenir stand.

B: What do you need to buy?

A: I usually buy myself some jewelry or some clothing.

B: I always buy a lot of things for my family. How about you?

A: Yes, they practically swarm me when I get home!

B: What are some of their favorite gifts?

A: The teenagers like me to bring them tee shirts that you can't get anywhere else.

B: This stuff is pretty expensive, isn't it?

A: Souvenirs cost a lot for what they are, but we can shop around for better prices.

B: Let's go across the street and see what they have over there.


2
 Repeat

A: Let's stop and look at the souvenirs at the souvenir stand.

B: What types of souvenirs were you looking for?

A: When I travel, I usually like to bring back a special necklace or clothing.

B: I end up buying a lot of stuff for the kids in my family. Do you like to do that, too?

A: My family loves for me to take trips so they can get the goodies I bring them.

B: What types of things do they like?

A: The little kids like little trinkets, like those little shell animals over there.

B: I feel like this stuff is kind of overpriced.

A: Some souvenir stands charge more than others, so it pays to shop around.

B: Why don't we try checking prices a little farther away from the tourist section?


3
 Repeat

A: We need to stop so I can shop for some souvenirs at the souvenir stand.

B: Do you have anything in particular that you are looking for?

A: I love to go clothes-shopping when I travel or buy a new piece of jewelry.

B: The kids in my family love getting souvenirs. How about the children in your family?

A: Everyone in my family enjoys getting treats from my travels!

B: What do they like you to bring home?

A: My nieces love to get little jewelry boxes like those on the top shelf.

B: Things seem to cost a lot at this stand.

A: You really need to shop around with souvenirs because they can vary a lot in price.

B: We could walk a few more blocks away from the beach and see what the prices are like there.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




21. Making Alternate Plans















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I guess that we won't be going rollerblading today with all this rain!

B: Yes, rollerblading in six inches of water would not be fun. What would you like to do instead?

A: I think that maybe we could check out the local mall, grab some lunch, and maybe see a movie.

B: Yes, that sounds like a relaxing way to check out the local culture and still stay dry.

A: What else could we do in bad weather?

B: You know, we could take a double-decker bus tour of famous haunted houses and buildings.

A: That would be fun, and the rain would only add to the atmosphere.

B: There is an old English pub next door. Maybe when we finish with the haunted house, we can duck in there for some brew.

A: What a great idea!

B: If we are lucky, maybe they'll have some great food at the pub for supper.


2
 Repeat

A: This rain sort of blows our chances of going rollerblading!

B: No, I don't think that we will be able to do what we planned to do. What can we do for fun today?

A: There is a large indoor mall just down the street with an incredible ice rink we could check out.

B: We could stay inside and dry, and still get out of this hotel room for a while.

A: I am trying to think of something else that we could do in bad weather.

B: We could sign up for that double-decker bus tour of haunted houses.

A: The rainy day would only add to the haunted house atmosphere.

B: I think that when we are done with our haunted house touring, we should pop into the English pub next door for a beer.

A: I could go for that!

B: I hope that we can get some nice hot food for dinner at the pub.


3
 Repeat

A: I think that rollerblading today is kind of not happening in this rainstorm.

B: We definitely need to come up with a different plan to amuse ourselves. What do you think would be fun?

A: There is a large indoor mall hooked onto the Modern Art Museum just down the street.

B: That would allow us to stay dry and still get a feel for the local culture.

A: I wonder what the locals do in bad weather.

B: There is a sign for a double-decker tour of haunted houses in the lobby.

A: Haunted houses would be a perfect outing for a rainy day!

B: I think we should wrap up our rainy haunted house day with some ale at the English pub down the street.

A: I think that rainy days and pubs go together!

B: Usually pubs have some pretty good cold-weather food. Maybe we can have dinner there.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




20. Sightseeing















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Where should we go sightseeing today?

B: I think that some things might be best done in the morning and others in the afternoon.

A: I think that I would like to go to the beach this morning.

B: That would be a good place to start our sightseeing. We could have breakfast there.

A: I hear that there is a very nice natural history museum there.

B: Yes, it would be nice to check that out since we are so close by.

A: Where should we go in the afternoon?

B: I think that I would like to go to the amusement park. It's supposed to be quite good.

A: At the end of the day, I would love to take in the sunset at the restaurant by the park.

B: That sounds like a great idea! Let's go get a map.


2
 Repeat

A: It's so hard to choose where to go first on our sightseeing trip!

B: We could think of what would make a good morning activity versus an evening activity.

A: I really wanted to make sure that I got a chance to go to the local beach.

B: I think that that would be a fun beginning to our day. We could walk around there.

A: I heard that the Natural History Museum is pretty close to the beach.

B: I heard the same thing. We might as well go there since we are just down the street.

A: What would be a good place to go to in the afternoon?

B: The local amusement park is supposed to be wonderful.

A: The restaurant on the edge of the park would be a great place to watch the sun go down.

B: That sounds like a perfect sightseeing day to me.


3
 Repeat

A: There are so many places to go on our sightseeing trip that I am having trouble narrowing it down.

B: Let's figure out what to do before lunch and later figure out what to do in the afternoon.

A: I heard that the local beach is a place that can't be missed.

B: That would be a relaxing way to begin our morning. It would be good to get out in the sun.

A: The Natural History Museum is close by, isn't it?

B: That museum is supposed to be fantastic!

A: Do you have any suggestions as to where we could go in the afternoon?

B: We could check out the local amusement park.

A: We could eat dinner and watch the sun go down at that restaurant by the park.

B: That could really end up being a great day!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




19. Complaining about a Tour















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I am having some big problems on this tour.

B: What seems to be the problem? We are here to help you.

A: This tour company seems very disorganized. No one seems to have a clear picture as to where we are going and when we are going to get there.

B: I will see what I can do about that. How about the accommodations on the tour?

A: So far, we have been staying in really out-of-the-way accommodations.

B: Is anything wrong with your room?

A: The television in our room was broken, and they didn't send anyone to fix it.

B: I will complain to the hotel manager about that. How about the hotel restaurant?

A: The food in the restaurant was terrible, and a few people from our group got sick.

B: I am so sorry that you had such a bad experience. We would like to offer you a free city tour and lunch to make it up to you.


2
 Repeat

A: I paid good money for this tour and would appreciate some help with some problems that have come up.

B: I would like to help you smooth out any difficulties you are having. What can I help you with?

A: This tour company can't seem to coordinate anything. We are always arriving after something is closed or get there when the guides for the site are on a break.

B: We are trying to fix that. Are the accommodations to your liking?

A: Our accommodations are pretty substandard.

B: Is there anything in particular that is wrong with your room?

A: The room smelled of smoke, even though it was supposed to be a nonsmoking room.

B: You should not have to put up with that. Was the hotel restaurant good?

A: Actually a few people from our group got sick, and everyone thinks it was from the bad dinner that we ate.

B: Our tour company takes pride in providing excellent tours. Please let me offer you a free city tour and lunch as an apology.


3
 Repeat

A: I would like to discuss some problems that I am having with this tour.

B: I am sorry you are having a difficult time. What may I help you with?

A: This tour company doesn't seem to know the town very well. We are always getting lost!

B: I am sorry that that has been the case. How would you rate your accommodations?

A: Our accommodations are not very pleasant.

B: What don't you like about your room?

A: The room was very noisy, and we couldn't get to sleep.

B: That is unacceptable. Did you at least enjoy your dinner in the hotel restaurant?

A: The food was horrible at the hotel restaurant, and a few of us got sick after eating there.

B: I am glad that you told me about the problems. I would like you to be my guest for a free massage at the hotel spa tonight.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




18. Arranging a Tour of the City















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I was wondering if you could help me book a few tours.

B: You have come to the right place. How many days will you be visiting here?

A: I will be here for a week.

B: Have you ever visited our city before?

A: This is my first time visiting this city.

B: What are you interested in? Do you enjoy museums and buildings, or would you rather hit some outdoor hotspots and venues?

A: I really enjoy visiting museums and art galleries.

B: We have tours for all interests.

A: Do you have a city tour?

B: Yes, in fact, I usually suggest that to visitors.


2
 Repeat

A: I need help knowing how to book some tours.

B: We will be able to book your tours here. How long will you be here?

A: I am only staying for three days.

B: Is this your first stay in our city?

A: I have been here before on a business trip but didn't really have a chance to see much.

B: Have you thought of what types of things you would like to see? Would you maybe like to visit some outdoor venues or nighttime hotspots?

A: I love being outdoors and would love to spend some time at the beach.

B: We have a tour that can take you where you can see all of that.

A: Do you have a tour where I can get a quick overview of the city?

B: We do have tours like that, and I think that that is a good place to start.


3
 Repeat

A: I need help figuring out what to see and visit in this city.

B: We are definitely the place to come to when booking tours. What is the length of your stay here?

A: I am on a layover and will only have today and tomorrow morning to sightsee.

B: How familiar are you with our city?

A: Actually I was born here but haven't been here in twenty years.

B: Do you have any ideas of what you would like to see? Perhaps you would enjoy our world-renowned museums or a visit to our magnificent zoological gardens.

A: I was interested in checking out local architecture.

B: I think that you would enjoy a number of our tours.

A: Is there any way that I can take a quick tour of the city, so that I can get some idea as to what I might like to see?

B: A general city tour is an excellent tour to start with.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




17. Ground Transportation















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I just arrived and need help getting transportation to my hotel.

B: There are shuttles, taxis, and buses that go all over the city.

A: Which one is the best form of transportation?

B: It depends on where you want to go. If you are going to a well-known hotel, they have their own shuttles that drop you right off at the door.

A: Where can I catch a cab?

B: All ground transportation leaves from the island as you walk out the arrivals gate.

A: Where can I rent a car?

B: The car rental agencies are against the wall as you exit.

A: Are there any subways in this town?

B: We have a subway system, but you need to take a shuttle to get to the station.


2
 Repeat

A: I need help figuring out how to get to my friend's house in the city.

B: You may take a shuttle, a taxi, or a bus to get wherever you need to go.

A: Which form of transportation is preferable?

B: It depends on what you are looking for. If you are looking to travel inexpensively, a bus might be your best bet.

A: Where do the buses pick you up?

B: The ground transportation center is right outside the exit leading to the street.

A: Is there a car rental place around here?

B: You can find a car rental agency just outside of baggage claim.

A: Is there a subway in this city?

B: Our subway station is a mile outside of the airport. I would suggest you take the designated shuttle to get there.


3
 Repeat

A: I need information about my options for ground transportation.

B: This city has many taxis, shuttles, or buses to transport you to your destination.

A: Is one form of transportation better than another?

B: It depends on where you are traveling. If your destination is close by, you might want to just grab a taxicab.

A: Where are the shuttle pick-up points?

B: When you pick up your luggage, walk out of the door and you will see the transportation kiosk.

A: Where are the car rental agencies?

B: You will see the car rental agencies as you walk down the hallway as you exit.

A: I heard that you have a very good light rail system in this city.

B: We have a subway station in the airport. The in-airport moving sidewalk system will take you to it.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




16. Missing Connecting Flight















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: My flight just arrived late, and I need to know what to do.

B: That's okay. The airline computer is keeping track of what is happening with you.

A: Do I have to call anyone?

B: By speaking with us at the arrival gate, we can fix the problem for you and direct you.

A: What if there are no more connecting flights for today on this airline?

B: We will go online to see if there is something available with this airline. If we need to, we can check for a flight with another carrier.

A: What if I can't find another flight out of here tonight?

B: We can help you find transportation to a local hotel.

A: Will the airline pay for my room if I have to spend the night at the airport?

B: Since the flight delay was our fault and you are continuing on with our airline, we will cover the cost of a hotel room.


2
 Repeat

A: Our flight was late, and I missed my connecting flight.

B: We can help you find an alternate flight that will get you where you are going.

A: Whom should I call?

B: The arrival gate is where you need to find someone to help you. You are in the right place.

A: I think the flight we missed was the last flight out of here today.

B: We can go on the computer to try to find an alternate flight on another airline if we cannot accommodate you.

A: What if I get stuck here and can't get out of this airport?

B: There is a shuttle that is still running and can take you into town to a hotel.

A: I don't have any money for a hotel room.

B: The flight that you missed is not with our airline, and we would not have suggested booking the flights so close together. We won't pay for your hotel room.


3
 Repeat

A: I had a connecting flight, but our arriving flight was late.

B: We will help you make alternative plans.

A: Can you give me the number of the airline so that I can call?

B: The airlines always have personnel at the arrival gate to help direct you when a flight is late. We can help you right here.

A: I remember that when we booked this flight, our connecting flight was the only one on this day.

B: Our ticketing is tied in with other airlines. If we cannot accommodate you, perhaps another airline has some open seats to your destination.

A: Where will I stay if I can't get another flight tonight?

B: Since I believe there is a flight out of here at 5:45 in the morning, you may want to consider just staying at the airport.

A: I don't think I should have to pay for a hotel room.

B: We will pay 50 percent of the price of your room.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




15. Ordering Food and Drink















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I was wondering if I could order something to drink.

B: Yes, we have alcoholic beverages as well as coffee, tea, or soda.

A: How much do drinks cost?

B: Our alcoholic beverages are five dollars each. All others are complimentary.

A: When will our meals be served?

B: We will serve a snack with the beverages. Dinner will be served a few hours into our flight.

A: What are our dinner choices?

B: You will have a choice of chicken, fish, or beef. I will be bringing a menu by shortly.

A: I am a vegetarian and need a vegetarian meal.

B: Vegetarian meals need to be requested at least two days before your flight. I might be able to find you extra servings of vegetables, however.


2
 Repeat

A: I am getting thirsty and was wondering if I may order a drink.

B: Yes, I would be happy to take your drink order. We have coffee, tea, or soda as well as bar drinks.

A: Do you charge for beverages?

B: We offer nonalcoholic beverages for free. Our bar drinks are five dollars each.

A: Are we going to get fed on this flight?

B: You will get a small snack served with your beverage. We will be serving dinner about halfway through the flight.

A: Do we have a choice of what we get for dinner?

B: Tonight we have chicken, fish, or beef to choose from. You will get a chance to look at a menu a little before our mealtime.

A: Do you have vegetarian meals?

B: We serve many different meals for people with religious or dietary restrictions. We do need to know about this at the time you book your flight.


3
 Repeat

A: When you get a chance, could you take my drink order, please?

B: On this flight you may have your choice of bar drinks or coffee, tea, or soft drinks.

A: What is the price of drinks?

B: Our alcoholic beverages are five dollars apiece. All others are two dollars each with free refills.

A: Do we get to eat on this flight?

B: We always pass out a small snack with your beverage. You will be served dinner in a few hours.

A: What are we having for dinner tonight?

B: We are serving a chicken, fish, or beef plate. You may select whatever you choose. 

A: Can I order a vegetarian plate?

B: With advance notice, we are able to accommodate a wide variety of special diet needs. Once we are in the air, unfortunately, there isn't much we can do.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




14. Talking to a Seatmate















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: That rain is really coming down out there!

B: Yes, it's kind of crazy weather outside.

A: I get kind of nervous flying in this kind of weather.

B: I don't think anyone feels all that comfortable flying in a storm.

A: Do you think it will be this bad the whole trip?

B: On the weather channel, this storm looked to be a big one. It will probably be with us for a while.

A: I worry about too much ice on the wings.

B: I have to believe that our pilot knows what he is doing and we'll be okay.

A: When do you think the pilot will turn off the Fasten Your Seatbelt sign?

B: He'll turn it off as soon as he knows that we are through the turbulence.

A: Do you think that we are going to crash?

B: Maybe. You just never know.


2
 Repeat

A: It sure is windy out there!

B: It definitely is not the perfect day to fly, is it?

A: I am scared of flying to begin with, but bad weather makes it a little worse.

B: Anyone who actually enjoys flying in bad weather is out of their mind.

A: Will the whole flight be this bad?

B: I think that it will probably let up once we get out of here. Let's cross our fingers!

A: What if we hit a flock of birds?

B: Plane crashes are very rare. We'll be fine.

A: Do you think that the pilot will ever turn off the Fasten Your Seatbelt sign?

B: The pilot needs to make sure that there is no more turbulence before he lets us get up.

A: Do you think that we are going to die?

B: Can I buy you an alcoholic beverage?


3
 Repeat

A: I can't believe how bad the weather is today!

B: Yes, according to the weather report, we will be flying through a pretty nasty storm.

A: I don't really like flying in this kind of weather.

B: It is normal to feel a little nervous about flying in bad weather.

A: How long do you think this will last?

B: Usually the pilot can get enough altitude to get above it. I hope that happens this time!

A: What if one of the engines stops working?

B: I trust that the airline wouldn't let us take off without feeling that all was okay.

A: How much longer do you think that the pilot will leave the Fasten Your Seatbelt sign on?

B: When we are past the turbulence, I am sure that the pilot will shut the light off.

A: Do you think we are headed for an air disaster?

B: Would you like a pillow and blanket so you can take a nap?


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




13. Talking to a Flight Attendant















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Can I ask you some questions about the in-flight instructions?

B: I would be happy to help you clarify anything you need help with.

A: Could you help me find out where my nearest exit is?

B: There is a card in your seat pocket that shows you where your nearest exit is. Yours is two rows in front of you.

A: Where is my oxygen mask that you were talking about?

B: Your oxygen mask is above you, next to the reading light. It will drop down when you need it.

A: I am concerned about landing in the water.

B: The life jackets are under your seat. You can also use your seat cushion as a flotation device.

A: What is the most important thing we can do to stay safe?

B: The most important thing you can do is keep your seatbelt fastened when the captain asks you to.


2
 Repeat

A: I am kind of confused about the in-flight instructions and need to ask you a few questions.

B: It would be my pleasure to help you with any questions you might have.

A: Where is that card that shows my nearest exit?

B: That card is in the seat pocket right in front of you. Your nearest exit is directly behind you.

A: Is my oxygen mask up here?

B: Your oxygen mask will drop down if we lose cabin pressure. 

A: Do we have any life jackets on this plane if we need them?

B: Your seat cushion can be used as a flotation device and your life jacket is under the seat cushion.

A: It seems really windy outside.

B: The wind won't be a problem. Always make sure that your seatbelt is fastened when you are requested to fasten it.


3
 Repeat

A: Would it be all right if I asked you a few questions about your in-flight instructions?

B: I would love to help clarify any questions you might have.

A: When you were talking about the nearest exit, what were you talking about?

B: There's a card in this seat pocket that shows you where your nearest exit is. Your nearest exit is right here.

A: What if I need an oxygen mask?

B: The oxygen mask is above you and will drop down if you need it.

A: Where are the life jackets?

B: You will find your life jacket under your seat if you need it. Also, you have a seat cushion that can be used as a flotation device.

A: If I want to be safe, what can I do?

B: Keep your seatbelt fastened at all times. If you fall asleep, keep it fastened loosely around you in case we hit turbulence unexpectedly.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




12. Talking to a Curbside Agent















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Can you help me figure out where I should go first to check in at this airport?

B: If you already have your ticket, we can take your bags here at the curbside check-in.

A: How do I know what gate to go to?

B: There are arrivals and departures listed on the screens inside.

A: Is there someplace where I can find out what I can carry in my baggage?

B: There are signs posted near the baggage check area to help you know what the rules are.

A: Can my friend go inside with me?

B: Your friend can go with you to the ticket counter but not past the security check.

A: When I return, will this curbside area be a good place to get picked up?

B: This area is only for departures. The bottom level is for arrivals.


2
 Repeat

A: I don't know the departure procedures at this airport and was wondering if you could help me.

B: If you need to pick up your ticket, you need to go to the ticket counter right inside the door. They will check your bags for you.

A: I don't know where my plane is departing from.

B: There are agents for your airline at the counter in the corner.

A: Where can I find out what I can carry on in my bag?

B: There should be a list of restrictions printed on your ticket.

A: Can I take my friend along with me to say goodbye?

B: Only ticketed passengers can go past the security checkpoint.

A: Is this the area for departures and arrivals or only departures?

B: This is the drop-off area for departures. Arrivals are on the lower level.


3
 Repeat

A: I am flying out today and need to know where I should begin checking in.

B: If you only have a carry-on and already have a ticket, you may proceed directly to the gate to check in.

A: Do you know what gate my plane is leaving from?

B: Check on the screens when you go through baggage inspection for your airline.

A: I need to know what the restrictions are for carry-on luggage contents.

B: Check out the list of banned carry-on materials on the signs inside the airport.

A: I have a lot of time to kill before my flight departs and want my friend to keep me company.

B: For security purposes, only ticketed passengers can go to the gate.

A: Can my friends pick me up here when I return?

B: The curbside area is a departure area only. Arrivals are downstairs.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




11. Going through the Customs















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Could you tell me how to get my bags?

B: Just go straight ahead, down the escalator, and there will be signs directing you.

A: Where do we clear Customs?

B: You will pick your bags up first.

A: Should we have our passports out?

B: You should have your passport out and your Declarations form totally filled out before you get into line.

A: My friend here is continuing on to Puerto Rico, and we were wondering if she has to go through Customs.

B: Travelers who are continuing on to another country will check in over there and be directed where to go next. Their bags have been checked through.

A: Are there any restrooms in this area?

B: Yes, right over there after you pass through the line.


2
 Repeat

A: I have never arrived at this airport before and need to know where to go next.

B: Go to the end of the walkway, down the stairs, and to the right.

A: Do we need to clear Customs before we go get our bags?

B: You will clear Customs and Immigration when you have picked up your luggage.

A: What do I need to have out when I pass through Customs?

B: Make sure that your passport is out and that your Declarations form is complete.

A: My seatmate here is traveling through to Canada, and I told her that she probably doesn't have to clear Customs.

B: People who are not entering the United States should go to the left and follow the directions given to them. Their bags are already routed through to their final destination.

A: Can we use the restrooms before we clear Customs?

B: Yes, there is one right over there especially for this area.


3
 Repeat

A: Where is the luggage claim area?

B: You can get to Baggage Claim by going down the escalator and following the signs.

A: Don't I have to clear Customs before I go get my bags?

B: After you have picked up your bags, you will be directed to Customs.

A: Do I need to have this Declarations form filled out before I get there?

B: Do not get in the Customs and Immigration line until you have your passport out with your completed Declarations form.

A: My brother won't be staying in the U.S. but is continuing on to Mexico.

B: Passengers continuing on should check in with the attendant on the left who will direct them to where they can connect with their next flight.

A: Is there a restroom we can use in this area?

B: Of course, right over there on your left.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




10. Picking Up at the Airport















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Would you be able to pick me up at the airport next Sunday?

B: Sure, I would be happy to help you. What time are you arriving?

A: I will be arriving at 3:00 in the afternoon.

B: By the time you pick up your luggage, it will be around 3:30. What if I meet you outside at the curb?

A: That would be a good time to meet, but what if I am running late?

B: I can track your plane online. I can just put in the flight number and I can see if you are on time.

A: Can you make sure that you have your cell phone with you so I can call you?

B: Yes, that would be good idea.

A: If something happens and you can't make it, just let me know and I'll book a Super Shuttle.

B: Don't worry. I'll be able to pick you up.


2
 Repeat

A: I am flying in next Sunday and was wondering if you might be able to pick me up at the airport.

B: I can pick you up. What time does your flight arrive?

A: My flight arrives at 3:00 in the afternoon.

B: I think if I am at the curb at 3:30, that would allow you time to pick up your luggage. How does that sound?

A: I think that would work out well, but what if the plane is late?

B: I can call the airline, and they will tell me if the flight is delayed.

A: I am going to carry my cell phone so I can call you.

B: Yes, that would help us find each other at the airport.

A: If you find that you have to make other plans, I can always book a Super Shuttle to pick me up.

B: You don't have to take a Super Shuttle. I'll be there.


3
 Repeat

A: Could you help me out and pick me up at the airport next Sunday?

B: It would be no problem to pick you up. When is your flight arriving?

A: I am coming in around 3:00 in the afternoon.

B: I think that by the time we factor in half an hour to clear Customs, that maybe I should meet you at the curb at 3:30.

A: I will meet you at the curb, but how will you know if the plane is delayed?

B: Don't worry. I can track your flight on my iPhone browser.

A: I want to be able to call you on my cell phone in a pinch.

B: I'll make sure to keep my cell phone with me and turned on.

A: If it doesn't work out, just let me know and I can take a Super Shuttle.

B: You won't need to take a Super Shuttle. Just stay in touch and look for me!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




9. Dropping Off at the Airport















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Can you drive me to the airport tomorrow afternoon?

B: I would be happy to drive you to the airport. When do you need to leave?

A: For an international flight, the airline wants us to check in two hours in advance, so I need to leave my house at 2:00.

B: Do you have a lot of luggage to check in?

A: I am only carrying one large bag and a carry-on.

B: I'll bring our smaller car then. Do you know where you need to get dropped off?

A: Yes, I am flying out on Singapore Air to Sydney, so I need to be at the International Terminal.

B: Will I be able to come in with you to say goodbye?

A: Actually, with airport regulations being so strict, you should probably just drop me off at the curb.

B: That will work out fine. Just give me a call if anything changes.


2
 Repeat

A: If you are free, I was wondering if you could give me a ride to the airport this afternoon.

B: Sure, I'll give you a ride. What time do you need to get there?

A: I need to leave my house at 2:00 so I can get to the airport two hours before my flight.

B: How much luggage are you bringing?

A: I have my carry-on, a purse, and a large suitcase.

B: I won't have to drive our larger car then. Do you know where your terminal is?

A: I need to be dropped off on the second level of the International Terminal since I am flying to Sydney on Singapore Air.

B: Do you want me to go in with you at the airport to help you pass the time before you leave?

A: I would like that, but only ticketed passengers can go into the departure area.

B: I'll drop you off wherever you need to be dropped off. See you later!


3
 Repeat

A: Could you help me out with a ride to the airport this afternoon?

B: I can give you a ride with no problem. What is your departure time?

A: My flight departs at 4:00, so I need to leave my house at 1:00 to get to the airport by 2:00.

B: Are you bringing a lot of bags with you?

A: I am bringing my purse, a carry-on, and a large suitcase.

B: Your stuff should all fit in my car just fine. Do you know which terminal you are going to?

A: Since I am flying to Sydney on Singapore Air, I need to be dropped off on the second level of the International Terminal.

B: Can I go inside the airport with you and maybe we can have a drink before you leave?

A: They only allow ticketed passengers into the departure area, so you'll have to drop me off at the curb.

B: I can take you wherever you need to go. Let me know if there are any changes to your travel plans.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




8. Carry-on Luggage















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I haven't traveled much and need to know what I can carry in my luggage.

B: There are different considerations. You have to consider airline rules and rules for customs.

A: How do I find out about each country's Customs regulations?

B: You can go to a website for the particular country you are interested in.

A: Is there anything that I should keep in mind for all countries?

B: Do not ever lie about what you are carrying in your luggage. If you get caught, there is a major fine just for lying.

A: How about regulations for what you can carry on an airline?

B: The Internet is a good source for special regulations for particular airports and airlines.

A: I heard that I can't bring my own bottled water on the plane.

B: You can buy water at the airport once you pass luggage inspection.


2
 Repeat

A: What can I carry in my luggage when I travel on an airline trip?

B: When you fly, you need to think about what you can carry onboard and what you can take into a particular country.

A: Where can I go to find out about Customs regulations?

B: Just Google the country you are interested in with these keywords: Customs and restrictions.

A: Are there any general rules for all countries?

B: Always answer all questions accurately. If you get caught omitting anything, you will be fined and possibly detained.

A: What about airline regulations for the contents of your luggage?

B: If you go to a website for a particular airport or airline, you can get specific information.

A: Is it true that I can't even bring my own water with me?

B: You can bring an empty bottle with you if you like and fill it up once you pass inspection.


3
 Repeat

A: How can I find out what I can carry in my luggage on an airline flight?

B: You have to think about Customs regulations and airline regulations.

A: What is the best place to get information about the Customs regulations for a country?

B: It is easier to go online, but if you can't do that, you can write the Customs Office for the country you are interested in.

A: What is the most important thing I should keep in mind as far as Customs is concerned?

B: Always be honest in declaring everything you are carrying. Otherwise, you can be fined for not declaring everything.

A: How do you find out what you can carry in your luggage for a particular airline?

B: You can always call the airline you are flying, and they can give you specific information.

A: Can I at least bring my own bottled water with me?

B: You can't bring your own water. You must buy it at the airport.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




7. Luggage Limits















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I don't know how much luggage I can take on the plane with me.

B: You need to look up each individual airline online to get their restrictions.

A: I just wonder what the general rules are.

B: In the United States, if you fly economy on a domestic flight, you usually have to pay for checked baggage.

A: What about international flights?

B: On international flights, you usually have a two-bag limit with weight restrictions.

A: What about carry-on bags?

B: All airlines will allow you to bring one small carry-on that will fit under the seat. Sometimes you can also bring a purse or handbag. 

A: Do you have any words of wisdom for travelers in regard to luggage?

B: Keep it light in regard to what you pack. Figure out what you absolutely need and leave the rest at home.


2
 Repeat

A: I am getting packed for my vacation and don't know what the luggage restrictions are.

B: You could call the airline that you will be flying, and they can tell you what you can bring.

A: I just need to know what most of the airlines have decided to do.

B: Unless you fly on a discount carrier, you usually have to pay a fee for checked baggage if you fly economy.

A: Do I also have to pay on an international flight?

B: Some international airlines charge a fee for extra bags or weight but allow you a free bag.

A: How much carry-on luggage may I bring?

B: You may bring a carry-on piece of luggage, and usually you can bring a handbag also.

A: What overall suggestions do you have regarding travelers and luggage?

B: Do not bring anything on a trip that you don't really need. Think of it as leaving space for anything that you might want to purchase along the way!


3
 Repeat

A: I heard that the airlines are changing the luggage restrictions, and I need to find out what they are.

B: There are online sites that list the general restrictions of the airlines.

A: Because I fly a lot, I need to pack in a way that will be suitable for most airlines.

B: Except for the discount carriers, you almost always have to pay a fee for checked baggage if you fly economy within the U.S.

A: Do they charge a fee for baggage on an international flight?

B: Almost all international carriers charge for excessive luggage. You are limited in weight and size.

A: Is carry-on luggage allowed?

B: You are restricted in what you may carry on. You almost always can bring one small piece for free.

A: What do you think is the most important thing to remember when packing for a trip?

B: Pack lightly! You don't want to haul around or pay fees on things that aren't essential.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




6. Getting a Passport















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I need to get a passport.

B: The first thing you need to do is go to the post office and get an application.

A: After I fill it out, where do I take it?

B: You need to take your application to a specially designated post office. They will help you mail it to the proper place.

A: How do I know where these agencies are?

B: They are listed online. All you need to do is put in your ZIP code.

A: Will I need to bring anything else?

B: You also need to bring your original birth certificate and two pictures. Look at the website for details.

A: What if I need a visa?

B: You only need a visa for certain countries. Contact that particular consulate for details.


2
 Repeat

A: Can you help me figure out how to get a passport?

B: The automobile club can provide you with an application.

A: Where can I turn my application in?

B: You need to go to a passport agency in your town. They will help you process it.

A: How can I find which place to take it to?

B: You can check in your phone book.

A: What else do I need to bring?

B: If you go online, the site will provide a detailed list of what you need to bring.

A: Do I need to do anything special to get a visa?

B: You must contact the consulate of the country that you wish to travel to.


3
 Repeat

A: I've never had a passport before and need to know what to do to get one.

B: You can download an application.

A: What do you do with the application?

B: You need to take your application to a special post office or passport agency.

A: Can you tell me how to find these agencies?

B: Any post office can refer you to the proper place.

A: Is the application the only thing that I will need to bring?

B: The passport website lets you know what types of identification and pictures you must provide.

A: What if I am going to a country that requires a visa?

B: The requirements for a visa vary from country to country. You can go online to find out what the requirements are for the country you are visiting.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




5. Making a Hotel Reservation















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I would like to make a hotel reservation.

B: What day will you be arriving?

A: I will be arriving on May 14th.

B: How long will you be staying?

A: I need the room for 3 nights.

B: How many people will be staying in the room?

A: I will be staying in the room alone.

B: Would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room?

A: We need a nonsmoking room.

B: We have booked a room for you. Please be sure to arrive before 4:00 on your check-in date.


2
 Repeat

A: I would like to book a reservation at your hotel.

B: What date would you like to make that reservation for?

A: I need the reservation for May 14th.

B: How many days do you need the reservation for?

A: I will be staying for 3 nights.

B: Is that a single room, or will there be more guests?

A: I need a double room.

B: We have smoking and nonsmoking rooms. Which do you prefer?

A: We require a smoking room.

B: Your room is booked. You must arrive before 4:00 the day you are to check in.


3
 Repeat

A: I need to book a room at your hotel.

B: On what day will you be beginning your stay?

A: Our stay will be beginning on May 14th.

B: Can you tell me how many days you need the room for?

A: Please book the room for 3 nights.

B: Would you like a single or double room?

A: I need a room for 3 people.

B: Do you need a nonsmoking room?

A: We must have a nonsmoking room.

B: We have reserved your room. To secure the room, you must pre-pay with a credit card.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




4. Buying a Plane Ticket















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I would like to book a flight.

B: I can help you with that. Where are you traveling to?

A: I am traveling to Singapore.

B: What date will you be traveling?

A: I want to fly on June 14th.

B: Do you want to fly out of Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport?

A: I would like to fly out of Los Angeles International Airport.

B: Would you prefer a morning or an afternoon flight?

A: I would rather fly in the morning.

B: Well, I have you booked on a flight that will fit your schedule. The tickets will arrive by mail in a few days.


2
 Repeat

A: I want to buy a plane ticket.

B: I can help you make your reservation. What is your destination?

A: My final destination is Sydney, Australia.

B: What is your travel date?

A: I am making a reservation for December 12th.

B: Would you prefer to leave from Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport?

A: I want to fly out of Burbank Airport.

B: Would you rather fly in the morning or later in the day?

A: I need an afternoon flight.

B: I have you booked on a flight in the afternoon. Your tickets will arrive in the mail within 3 days.


3
 Repeat

A: I need to make a plane reservation.

B: We can book your trip right now. What city are you flying to?

A: I need to fly to New York City.

B: What date would you like me to book this plane ticket for?

A: I need a flight on July 4th.

B: You can fly out of Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport. Which do you prefer?

A: I will fly out of whatever airport has the cheapest price.

B: If you have a choice, what time of day would you prefer to fly?

A: I would like to be booked on the least expensive flight.

B: I was able to find an inexpensive flight for you. We are sending you your tickets in the mail.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




3. Booking a Flight Online















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Have you ever booked a flight online?

B: I have booked airline tickets online many times. It has worked out great for me!

A: How do you book airline tickets online?

B: The best way is to go to a website like Travelocity or Expedia. They can help you find the best price.

A: What information do I need to provide to book a flight?

B: You need to know where you are going and when you want to travel.

A: How do I get the cheapest rate?

B: Usually you get the best price by having some flexibility in your travel time and dates.

A: Can I fly on different airlines?

B: You can choose the airline you prefer to fly with or let the website find you the best deal.


2
 Repeat

A: Do you think it is a good idea to book airline tickets online?

B: I think that booking airline tickets online is the only way to go.

A: Can you help me figure out how to book airline tickets online?

B: You can find the best price by using a website like Travelocity or Expedia.

A: What do I need to know to book a flight?

B: You will need to type in the dates that you wish to travel and where you are going.

A: How do I get the best price?

B: If you have some flexibility in when you can travel, that will usually get you a better rate.

A: Can I choose which airline I fly with?

B: These sites deal with a lot of different airlines, so you can choose whichever one you prefer.


3
 Repeat

A: Is booking airline tickets online a good way to go?

B: I have had really good luck booking airline tickets online.

A: How do you book airline tickets online?

B: Usually you can find the best price by using a website like Travelocity or Expedia.

A: What are they going to ask me to book a flight?

B: They will ask you when you will be traveling and what your destination will be.

A: Is there anything special I can do to get the lowest price?

B: You get a better rate if you aren't too particular about what time you travel.

A: Do you have to fly with a particular airline?

B: The travel sites deal with many different airlines. It is always up to you to choose who you will fly with.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




2. Making a Plane Reservation















            Search Images      Translate


1
 Repeat

A: Could you help me make a plane reservation?

B: I would be happy to help you. Where do you plan on going?

A: I am going to go to Hawaii.

B: For that destination, you may leave from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport. Which would you prefer?

A: I think that I would rather leave from Los Angeles Airport.

B: Would you prefer a morning or afternoon departure?

A: I need to leave in the morning.

B: Fine. On your return flight, do you have a preference as to morning or afternoon?

A: I would prefer to return in the afternoon.

B: I have booked you on your flight at a great rate. Here are your tickets.


2
 Repeat

A: I need to make a plane reservation.

B: That is what I am here for. What is your destination?

A: I will be traveling to Aspen, Colorado.

B: Would you prefer to leave from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport?

A: Burbank Airport would be best for me.

B: You can leave in the morning of afternoon from that airport. Do you have a preference?

A: I can only take a flight that leaves in the afternoon.

B: I can book that for you right now. When you return, would you prefer morning or afternoon?

A: I think that I would like a morning return flight better.

B: I was able to book your flight, and I will print your tickets right now. Have a great trip!


3
 Repeat

A: I am planning a trip and need help making my airline reservation.

B: Sure. Where are you traveling to on your trip?

A: I will be vacationing in Oregon.

B: You have an option of departing from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport. What is your preference?

A: I live closer to Los Angeles Airport, so that would be the best choice.

B: Does it matter to you if you leave in the morning or afternoon?

A: I can leave at either time.

B: I'll put you on a morning flight. Is a morning or afternoon return flight preferable for you?

A: Either morning or afternoon would work for me.

B: I'll give you an afternoon flight. Here are your tickets.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




1. Visiting a Travel Agent















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I need help planning my vacation.

B: Sure, where would you like to go?

A: I haven't decided where to go yet.

B: Do you enjoy warm or cold climates?

A: I am thinking that I might enjoy a tropical climate.

B: I have some brochures here that you might like to look at.

A: These look great!

B: Do you know how much you want to spend on this vacation?

A: I have about a thousand dollars to spend on this trip.

B: Well, take these brochures, and get back to me when you want to make your reservations.


2
 Repeat

A: Could you help me with vacation plans?

B: Do you know where you will be traveling?

A: I am open to suggestions at this point.

B: Are you wanting to travel to a tropical climate, or would you like to go somewhere with a cooler climate?

A: I would like to travel to a cooler destination.

B: I can give you some brochures that could give you some ideas.

A: I will look at them right now.

B: How much money is in your budget for this trip?

A: I think that I can spend about two hundred dollars a day.

B: Take your time choosing a destination and, when you've narrowed it down, I'll be happy to help you make a reservation.


3
 Repeat

A: I was wondering if you would be able to help me with vacation plans.

B: Have you chosen your destination?

A: I don't know where I want to go yet.

B: Do you enjoy warm weather, or are you looking forward to a cooler vacation?

A: A nice temperate climate would be best for me.

B: Why don't you take a look at these brochures that might help you make up your mind?

A: This place looks nice.

B: Have you thought about what you would like to spend on this vacation?

A: I just got a bonus and can spend about three thousand dollars total.

B: I'll be happy to help you make a reservation whenever you decide upon a destination.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




26. Prescribing Medicine















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Is there a medication you can prescribe to help me with my problem?

B: There are various choices of blood pressure medication that we can try.

A: What is available?

B: We could start with Hydrochlorothiazide, which is a diuretic.

A: Are there many side effects?

B: There really are not many side effects. You need to drink a lot of water when you take this pill.

A: Is that the only medication I need to take?

B: It might be, but for a while I also want you to take an ACE inhibitor, Lisinopril.

A: What are the side effects of that drug?

B: You may have a little bit of a dry cough, but you will feel much better.


2
 Repeat

A: Can I get some medicine to help me?

B: For your high blood pressure, we have several choices of medications.

A: What types of drugs can I try?

B: Hydrochlorothiazide is a diuretic that helps with water retention.

A: What about side effects from that medication?

B: Most people have no side effects. You will have to make sure that you drink plenty of liquids with this medication.

A: Do I only need to take that one drug?

B: I am going to add a second drug for now, Lisinopril, which is an ACE inhibitor.

A: What can I expect when I take that medication?

B: You will feel much better except for the fact that you might have a little cough.


3
 Repeat

A: What about a medication to help me with my problem?

B: There are several types of medications that we can try for your high blood pressure.

A: What types of medications would be best?

B: For water retention, I am going to start you on Hydrochlorothiazide, which is a diuretic.

A: What are the side effects from taking that drug, 

B: You need to stay hydrated on this drug, but most people experience little side effects.

A: Will that one medication take care of all of my problems?

B: For now I want you to take a second drug, Lisinopril, an ACE inhibitor.

A: Am I going to experience any complications with that drug?

B: The most you will experience will be a dry cough but you probably won't experience anything negative.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




25. How to Stay Healthy















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Doctor, can you give me some suggestions on how to stay healthy?

B: Well, first of all, you need to make sure that you eat the right foods.

A: What are the best foods to eat?

B: You should emphasize fresh fruits and vegetables, along with whole grains and protein.

A: What should I avoid?

B: You need to avoid highly fatty and greasy foods. You should also avoid too much sugar and caffeine.

A: What else is important to stay healthy?

B: You need to get plenty of exercise every day. If you smoke, you need to stop.

A: Is it OK to drink alcohol?

B: Actually, studies have shown that people who have one-half a glass of alcohol per day do better than those who don't drink.


2
 Repeat

A: Doctor, what is the best way to stay healthy?

B: Having a good diet is probably the most important thing.

A: It is very confusing to know what to eat.

B: You need plenty of fruits and vegetables, small amounts of protein, and whole grains.

A: Are there certain things that I should avoid?

B: You shouldn't consume too much sugar or caffeine. Also, watch your intake of fatty food.

A: After watching my diet, what else should I do?

B: You need to stop smoking, and make sure that you get 30 minutes of exercise every day.

A: Can I have a glass of wine now and then?

B: As long as you don't overdo it, a glass of wine a day should be OK.


3
 Repeat

A: Doctor, what are some things I can do to stay as healthy as I can be?

B: You need to eat healthy foods and avoid unhealthy foods.

A: Sometimes I don't know what the best foods are.

B: Fresh fruits and vegetables are important, along with protein and whole grains.

A: What things should I avoid?

B: You don't want to eat food that is high in fat. You need to avoid caffeine and sugar.

A: Beyond diet, what else can I do to be healthy? 

B: Getting 30 minutes of exercise a day is important. If you smoke, you need to stop.

A: How about having a beer on the weekend?

B: Less than a serving of alcohol a day can actually be good for you. Do not overdo it!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




24. Taking a Urine Sample















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What is that plastic cup for?

B: Your doctor has requested a urine sample.

A: Am I supposed to pee into the cup?

B: We want what we call a clean sample. Urinate a drop or so into the toilet, and then stop the flow and urinate into the cup.

A: Then what do I do with the cup?

B: You put the cup in the little cubby in the restroom and close the door to the cubby.

A: What is this test for?

B: He is looking to see if you have a bladder or urinary tract infection.

A: When will I know the results?

B: Your doctor will call you in a few days with the results.


2
 Repeat

A: Why are you handing me a plastic cup?

B: Your doctor wants to test your urine and needs a sample.

A: How am I supposed to do that?

B: We need you to urinate like you normally would, and then stop and finish into the cup.

A: What am I supposed to do with the cup when I am done?

B: Leave the cup in the cubby in the restroom. Just close the cubby door and walk away.

A: What kind of test is this?

B: He wants to know if you have bacteria in your urine, which could signal an infection.

A: How long will it take to get the results?

B: We will send your doctor the results, and he will contact you.


3
 Repeat

A: What am I supposed to do with this plastic cup?

B: That cup is for a urine sample.

A: How, exactly, does this work?

B: This particular test calls for you to urinate into the cup after you have urinated a little into the toilet.

A: When I finish, what should I do then?

B: You need to leave the cup in the cubby in the restroom, and the lab tech will get it from the other side.

A: What is my doctor testing me for?

B: If there are bacteria in your urine, it could mean an infection somewhere.

A: Will I know the results right away?

B: Your doctor will be contacting you with the results.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




23. Talking to the Doctor about Problems















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: How are you doing today?

B: I've been having trouble breathing lately.

A: Have you had any type of cold lately?

B: No, I haven't had a cold. I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe.

A: Do you have any allergies that you know of?

B: No, I don't have any allergies that I know of.

A: Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active?

B: It happens a lot when I work out.

A: I am going to send you to a pulmonary specialist who can run tests on you for asthma.

B: Thank you for your help, doctor.


2
 Repeat

A: What brings you to my office today?

B: I've been getting really short of breath, and my coach wanted to have a doctor check me out.

A: Have you had the flu lately?

B: No, I have been pretty healthy. I just have trouble taking a really deep breath.

A: Have you ever been tested for allergies?

B: Peaches make me break out, but I don't have any other allergies.

A: Does this happen all the time or maybe a little more in the cold weather?

B: I've noticed that it is worse when I am under stress, like during finals week.

A: I feel that you should see a pulmonary specialist to check for asthma.

B: I appreciate the referral, doctor.


3
 Repeat

A: Good morning, how have you been doing?

B: I haven't been able to take a deep breath lately, and I need to know why.

A: Have you had any type of bug lately?

B: No, I've been feeling fairly good most of the time. It just is hard to breathe.

A: Has anyone ever told you that you have allergies?

B: No one has ever checked me for allergies.

A: Does this happen more when you are under stress?

B: When the weather gets really cold, it gets worse.

A: I am going to refer you to a pulmonary specialist who can run tests on you for asthma.

B: Thank you for pursuing this. I appreciate your help.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




22. Seeing the Doctor















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I have been having a lot of headaches lately.

B: Have you been having these headaches for a long time?

A: I have had headaches my whole life, but they have been getting worse lately.

B: Have you been under a lot of stress lately?

A: I've been under stress, but no more than usual.

B: Have you been getting enough sleep lately?

A: No, I only sleep a few hours a night.

B: Have you had any head injuries lately?

A: Yes, actually I fell skiing last week and hit my head.

B: I am going to send you for a CT scan, and I will see you again when we see the results.


2
 Repeat

A: I have been getting headaches almost every day lately.

B: Have you just started getting a lot of headaches?

A: I never had very many headaches before, but the last few weeks I have been getting a lot of them.

B: Have you had any unusually stressful situations in your life lately?

A: My mother just passed away last Tuesday.

B: I'm sorry. How about sleep? Are you getting enough rest?

A: I have been working really hard, and sleep has not been a priority.

B: Have you bumped your head or fallen lately?

A: No, I haven't hit my head.

B: I am going to send you to a neurologist for a few tests.


3
 Repeat

A: I have had some really horrible headaches lately.

B: How long have your headaches been going on?

A: I get headaches occasionally, but they have been really bad lately.

B: Any unusual amounts of stress in your life going on right now?

A: I am getting ready to take my GRE.

B: Have you been able to sleep regular hours?

A: It has been hard for me to sleep with a bad headache.

B: Has anything hit you in the head lately?

A: I hit my head on a cupboard door a week ago.

B: Let's have you come back in a few days and see how you feel.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




15. Having a Cold















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: How are you feeling today?

B: I have a terrible cold!

A: Where do you think you picked that up?

B: A lot of people in my gym have it. Maybe I got it from the equipment.

A: Have you taken anything for it?

B: I think that I am just going to rest and drink plenty of liquids for a while.

A: Yes, staying rested and hydrated is really important.

B: My mother also has this special potion with hot wine, cayenne pepper, and sugar that works miracles.

A: You might want to ask the pharmacist for his suggestions if you get any worse.

B: Yes, if my symptoms don't pass in a few days, I will ask for help.


2
 Repeat

A: You don't look so good.

B: I feel horrible. I think I picked up a bug.

A: Do you know who you got it from?

B: A lot of people in my dorm are sick. Perhaps I picked it up there.

A: Did you take any cold medication?

B: I've been taking vitamin C and zinc and trying to get some rest.

A: I think that rest and liquids are what doctors recommend for a cold.

B: My grandmother swears by hot chicken soup for a cold.

A: A pharmacist might be able to help you if your home remedies don't work.

B: Yes, if I get worse, I will definitely look for extra help with this.


3
 Repeat

A: You look a bit under the weather.

B: I am not feeling all the great. I think I have that crud that is going around.

A: I know that it's going around the dorms.

B: My boyfriend hasn't been feeling so well. Maybe he passed it on to me.

A: I have some cold tablets if you would like one.

B: Mostly, I feel like I need some rest and hot soup.

A: Drinking liquids and getting rest is a good idea with a cold.

B: My grandmother thinks that honey and whiskey is a good cure for a cold.

A: You could always go to the pharmacy if it gets worse and you want suggestions.

B: If things don't get better in a few days, I will look for some other solutions.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




16. Making a Doctor's Appointment















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.

B: What seems to be the problem?

A: I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.

B: Do you have a fever with that rash?

A: No, it just itches a lot.

B: I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?

A: I need an appointment on Tuesday.

B: Fine, I am putting you down for 9:00 on that day. Would you like to see Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones?

A: I would like to see Dr. Jones.

B: I can schedule you with him with no problem. We look forward to seeing you.


2
 Repeat

A: Good morning, I would like to make a doctor's appointment.

B: Can you describe your health concern?

A: I have been having skin problems that aren't going away.

B: Are you in any pain?

A: No. Except for the rash, I feel fine.

B: Would Tuesday or Wednesday be best for you?

A: I would like to come in on Tuesday.

B: I will write you in for that day at 4:00. You can see either Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones.

A: I would like to see Dr. Smith.

B: I will write you in on that doctor's schedule. See you then.


3
 Repeat

A: I need to come in and see the doctor.

B: Are you scheduling a check-up, or are you ill?

A: I have really itchy skin and think I may have to have it looked at.

B: Have you been feeling any joint aches with that rash?

A: No, but I have a low fever.

B: I have times available for Tuesday or Wednesday. Which one would work best for you?

A: I want to come in on Wednesday.

B: I can fit you in on that day at 10:00. Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones is available.

A: I would prefer Dr. Smith.

B: You can see the doctor of your choice then, and we will see you at your scheduled appointment time.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




17. Blood Pressure















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Have you been having any problems lately?

B: No, but the nurse at school says that I should have my blood pressure checked.

A: Do you have a history of high blood pressure?

B: No, I have never been told that I have high blood pressure.

A: High blood pressure is called the silent killer because it hardly ever has symptoms. 

B: How do you check for high blood pressure?

A: We are going to use this cuff here, and it will give me a reading.

B: What do the numbers mean?

A: They tell me how much your heart is working at rest and when pumping blood.

B: Good. That will help me know how I am doing.


2
 Repeat

A: How have you been feeling lately?

B: I've been feeling a little light-headed lately.

A: Has your blood pressure been high before?

B: If I have high blood pressure, it is news to me.

A: Usually people with high blood pressure have no symptoms, so we call it the silent killer.

B: What do you use to check for high blood pressure?

A: I am going to put a cuff on you to get a reading.

B: What does the reading tell you?

A: I get an idea of the pressure in your arteries when your heart is pumping blood versus at rest.

B: I hope that the test results show me to be really healthy.


3
 Repeat

A: Have you been feeling OK lately?

B: My coach wants you to check my blood pressure.

A: Has anyone ever told you that you had high blood pressure?

B: I don't have any symptoms of high blood pressure.

A: People with high blood pressure seldom know they have it, which is why we call it the silent killer.

B: What test do you do for high blood pressure?

A: We will pump air into this cuff to get a reading.

B: When you get the reading, what information does it give you?

A: It tells me how hard your heart pumps blood and how much your arteries relax at rest.

B: I am hoping that this test goes well for me.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




18. Not Feeling Well















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: So, how are you feeling today?

B: I'm pretty tired. I haven't been sleeping well.

A: Do you have enough time to get the right amount of sleep?

B: I have enough time. I just can't seem to fall asleep and stay asleep.

A: What time do you usually go to bed?

B: I don't have one time in particular. I just go to sleep whenever I feel tired.

A: Have you been under a lot of stress lately?

B: I just lost my job, and I am unsure about being able to find another one.

A: Have you ever tried doing relaxation exercises before you go to bed?

B: I haven't ever tried that, but it sounds like a good idea.


2
 Repeat

A: How have you been doing lately?

B: Actually, I haven't been sleeping well. I am kind of out of it.

A: Is there some reason why you can't get enough sleep?

B: I go to bed, but I just can't get comfortable enough to stay asleep.

A: When do you turn in for the night?

B: I usually try to go to bed around 11:00 or so during the week.

A: Do you have a lot on your mind when you try to go to sleep?

B: My mother is ill with cancer, and I think about her a lot.

A: Do you ever meditate or read before bedtime?

B: I usually watch a lot of television before I go to bed. Maybe I should try something else to help me quiet down.


3
 Repeat

A: Has everything been OK with you lately?

B: I haven't been able to get a good night's sleep lately. I'm exhausted!

A: Have you been too busy to get enough sleep?

B: I try to go to sleep, but I just can't stay asleep.

A: How late do you try to go to sleep?

B: I go to bed when I finish my work.

A: Has anything in your day-to-day life been bothering you lately?

B: I am worried about how I am going to pay my tuition.

A: You might consider listening to relaxing music as you go to sleep to clear your head.

B: Doing something relaxing before I go to sleep sounds like a plan.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




19. Physical Check-up















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Good morning, how are you doing today?

B: I have been feeling pretty good, Dr. Smith. 

A: So, I can see by your chart that you are here for your annual physical.

B: Yes, I am playing on the tennis team this year, and they are requiring me to get a physical exam.

A: We are basically going to check your heart, lungs, blood sugar levels, and eyes, ears, and nose.

B: I've kind of been having problems being out of breath. Can you look at that?

A: Yes, I will check you for asthma, and maybe we can check you for allergies later.

B: Thank you. What will the blood test tell you?

A: We will be checking for blood sugar, cholesterol, and white blood cell count.

B: I have been working hard to stay healthy. I hope the tests turn out well.


2
 Repeat

A: So how are we feeling today?

B: Things are going well for me, Dr. Smith.

A: Am I correct in thinking that you are here for your annual physical?

B: Yes, I am applying for new health insurance, and I need a physical examination to qualify.

A: Your basic physical exam will include lungs, heart, blood levels, and eyes, ears, and nose.

B: I've been having a little trouble breathing. Would you look into that, please?

A: We can do an allergy test, and later I can send you for an asthma test.

B: I would appreciate it. When you give me a blood test, what are you looking for?

A: I am going to check your cholesterol, blood sugar, and white blood cell count.

B: I am expecting the tests to go well. I have been taking good care of myself.


3
 Repeat

A: Nice to see you; how have you been feeling lately?

B: I have been feeling great, Dr. Smith.

A: I am happy that you have decided to come in for your annual physical.

B: Yes, I am going on a cross-country bike ride on vacation and want to make sure that I don't have any problems.

A: We are going to look at your heart and lungs, do a few blood tests, and see that your eyes, ears, and nose are all working as they should be.

B: I've been having trouble with congestion in my chest. Can you give me some tests for that?

A: I can do a chest X-ray to check for congestion.

B: That would be great. What is the blood test for?

A: The blood test is for cholesterol, white blood cell count, and blood sugar.

B: I have been feeling great. I don't imagine that any of my tests will turn out badly.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




20. Seeing a Doctor in an Emergency















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I need a doctor's appointment right away!

B: Is this an emergency?

A: I am having trouble breathing.

B: Have you had a cold lately?

A: It has been going on for a few days now.

B: You should hang up and dial 911.

A: I don't think that this is that bad, but I need to see a doctor right away.

B: Is there someone who can drive you to our Urgent Care facility on Sunset Blvd.?

A: Yes, I can get a ride to Urgent Care.

B: Good. When you get there, a doctor will be able to see you right away.


2
 Repeat

A: I need to see a doctor soon!

B: Do you feel this is an emergency?

A: My chest feels tight, and I can't catch my breath.

B: Did this come on suddenly?

A: It started yesterday.

B: If you feel this is a real emergency, you should dial 911 for the paramedics.

A: I don't want to dial 911, but I want to see a doctor right now.

B: Do you have transportation to our Urgent Care facility on Sunset Blvd.?

A: My friend can drive me to Urgent Care.

B: That will work out well. Remember, if you have major problems, call 911.


3
 Repeat

A: I have to see the doctor right now!

B: What makes you feel this is an emergency?

A: I feel like I can't breathe well.

B: How long has this been going on?

A: It started last night.

B: In the event of a real emergency, please dial 911.

A: I know that I can dial 911, but I just want to go to the doctor now.

B: In that case, can you come to our Urgent Care facility on Sunset Blvd.?

A: My family can bring me to Urgent Care.

B: Come in right away, and they will see you as soon as possible.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




21. Taking an X-Ray















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I was told to come to you to get a chest X-ray.

B: No problem. Just take your clothes off from the waist up and put the gown on, with the opening in the back.

A: Then what should I do?

B: You will stand over here up against this plate.

A: Should I just stand naturally?

B: You will raise your arms up shoulder high.

A: Is this all right?

B: Yes, you are doing great.

A: Where will you be going?

B: I need to stand behind this shield. Now you will take a deep breath, hold it, and let it out.

A: Is that it?

B: That's it. You can get dressed when the film is developed.


2
 Repeat

A: My doctor said that I need a chest X-ray.

B: Just take your clothes off from the waist up and put this gown on, with the opening in the back.

A: What should I do after that?

B: You need to come over here and face this plate.

A: Am I standing the right way?

B: I will need your arms raised to shoulder height.

A: Am I doing this the right way?

B: Everything you are doing is perfect.

A: Are you going to leave?

B: I am just getting behind this screen. You need to take a deep breath, hold it, and then breathe normally.

A: Is that all there is to it?

B: You can get dressed as soon as the film is processed. We will be all done here.


3
 Repeat

A: I came here to get a chest X-ray.

B: I will need you to take your clothes off from the waist up and put on the gown, leaving the opening in the back.

A: What comes next?

B: I will need you to face this glass plate right over here.

A: Should I do anything else?

B: Your arms need to be raised to shoulder height.

A: Is this OK?

B: So far, so good.

A: How come you are walking away?

B: I am not leaving. I just need you to take a really deep breath, hold it, and then let it out.

A: Will I be finished then?

B: You will be able to put your clothes on as soon as I have checked the film.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




8. Normal Test Results















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I was wondering if you have my test results in.

B: I didn't see anything out of the ordinary, but I want you to log onto our website for a printout of all of the details.

A: So, basically, I am OK?

B: If there were any major problems, I would always notify you by phone to come in.

A: What will I learn when I see the results on the website?

B: A description of each test is given on the site.

A: What will the numbers tell me?

B: The website will give you a normal range and then tell you what your results are.

A: Are all of my test results on that site?

B: Your entire test history is on the site. You can compare your results from other years.


2
 Repeat

A: Could you tell me my test results?

B: Your results are posted on the website. Just put in your password and you can see the exact numbers.

A: Are you saying that all my results were normal?

B: We always contact you by phone to come in if there is a need for follow-up.

A: How will I know what the results mean on the website?

B: The purpose of each test is given on the site.

A: Will the numbers mean anything to me?

B: The website will give you your results and then tell you what the normal range is.

A: Can I see all of my test results at once?

B: Yes, you can see every test for the past five years. You can compare them.


3
 Repeat

A: I think I was supposed to call for my test results today.

B: If you go onto our website and put in your password, you can access your test results.

A: Are you saying that there weren't any problems?

B: I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem.

A: Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them?

B: Yes, if you go there, you can see what each test is about.

A: How will I know what the numbers mean?

B: You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range.

A: How can I see test results from tests I have taken before?

B: We put all of your test results up in the same place. Just check the dates for what you need.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




9. Calling in Sick















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Good morning, is this Ryan?

B: You are speaking with Ryan. How can I help you?

A: Ryan, this is Malia, and I need to call in sick today.

B: What seems to be the problem?

A: I went hiking and have terrible poison oak.

B: When did you get that?

A: I think I got it on Saturday, but it just showed up today.

B: What are you doing for it?

A: The doctor prescribed an ointment and gave me a shot.

B: Good. You probably should be much better by tomorrow.


2
 Repeat

A: May I speak to Ryan, please?

B: This is Ryan you are speaking with. What can I do for you?

A: Hi, Ryan, this is Malia, and I will not be coming to work today.

B: What is wrong with you?

A: I have really bad poison oak and can't stop itching.

B: How long have you had it?

A: I've had it a few days, but the rash really got bad last night.

B: How have you been treating it?

A: I have some lotion that the doctor gave me, as well as an antihistamine.

B: That should work. I'll see you tomorrow when you return to work.


3
 Repeat

A: I would like to speak with Ryan.

B: This is Ryan. How may I help you?

A: Ryan, this is Malia, and I am afraid that I am feeling a bit under the weather.

B: Do you know what the problem is?

A: I have a horrible rash from poison oak.

B: Have you had it a long time?

A: The doctor said that I probably have had it a few days.

B: Have you been using anything for it?

A: I bought some over-the-counter lotion, and I am taking an antihistamine.

B: That will probably take care of your symptoms. I'll see you tomorrow.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




10. Missing Classes















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Is this Professor Clark's office?

B: This is Professor Clark speaking.

A: This is Kalia from your morning literature class.

B: Yes, what can I do for you?

A: I had a skydiving accident over the weekend and won't be able to come to school today.

B: My goodness! Are you OK?

A: I broke my leg, but it is healing.

B: How long will you be out of class?

A: I should be able to return by next Monday.

B: Fine. Well, thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent. I hope you feel better soon.


2
 Repeat

A: Good morning, may I speak with Professor Clark, please?

B: You are speaking with Professor Clark.

A: Professor, I am Kalia from your morning literature class.

B: Yes, how can I help you?

A: I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school.

B: Oh, my God! I hope you are all right.

A: I have a concussion, but I will be OK.

B: How much school will you miss?

A: I only need to take this week off.

B: I appreciate you calling and telling me that you won't be in class. See you next week!


3
 Repeat

A: Is this Professor Clark?

B: Yes, I am Professor Clark.

A: Professor, this is Kalia, and I am in your literature class on Monday mornings.

B: Yes, how are you doing?

A: I was partying hard over the weekend, fell down the stairs, and need time to recuperate.

B: That sounds painful. Are you going to be OK?

A: I sprained my wrist, but the doctor says it will be fine.

B: How many days will you be out of school?

A: The doctor said I should be good enough to return next week.

B: I am glad you let me know that you will be missing class. Get well!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




11. Discussing Test Results















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I was wondering if I could get my test results from the other day.

B: Yes, I would like to schedule an appointment for you to come in and talk with me.

A: Is something wrong with me?

B: No, sometimes the test results aren't clear and we need to do more to get a clearer picture.

A: Can we talk about it now?

B: I would if I knew anything for sure, but I want to take a second look.

A: When can I come and see you?

B: You can come in this afternoon. If you would feel better, bring your husband with you.

A: Now I know that something bad is up!

B: Just relax. We will talk about it this afternoon.


2
 Repeat

A: The nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day.

B: I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run.

A: Does this mean that you have bad news for me?

B: I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run.

A: Can't you just tell me now?

B: I don't know anything for certain. We always do a double check if there is a question.

A: I want to see you right away.

B: You can come in this afternoon. If you are feeling too stressed, feel free to bring a friend along.

A: I know for sure that something is wrong!

B: Don't worry about a thing; we are just taking a second look and talking.


3
 Repeat

A: The lab said that you would be getting my test results in today.

B: I want you to come in and discuss some further tests that I would like to run.

A: I think that this is a bad sign.

B: For now, I would like to run a few more tests to look into some of the problems that you mentioned.

A: Why wouldn't you tell me over the phone?

B: If there is any question about test results, we always do a recheck.

A: I need to come in right away.

B: I would be happy to see you this afternoon. If you are feeling upset, please bring a friend or relative along.

A: You are scaring me!

B: Come on in this afternoon and we will talk. It will be fine!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




12. Changing an Appointment Time















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I have a doctor's appointment scheduled with Dr. Smith, and I need to change it.

B: What day did you have it scheduled for?

A: My appointment was on Tuesday.

B: What time was it scheduled for?

A: It was for two o'clock in the afternoon.

B: I see your appointment. What day would you like to switch to?

A: I would like to switch it to next Friday.

B: What time would you like?

A: I would like to come in at 10:00 in the morning.

B: Fine, I will pencil that in right now. We will see you then.


2
 Repeat

A: I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Smith, and I can't make it on that day.

B: What day was your appointment on?

A: My appointment was on Monday.

B: What time had you chosen?

A: It was for 10:00 in the morning.

B: I am looking at your appointment right now. What day would you prefer?

A: I would prefer next Thursday.

B: What time would be best for you?

A: I want to come in at 2:00 in the afternoon.

B: I am writing you down for that time. We look forward to seeing you.


3
 Repeat

A: Good morning, I made an appointment with Dr. Smith, but I have to change it.

B: When you made your appointment, what day did you choose?

A: My appointment was on Wednesday.

B: At what time was that appointment?

A: It was for 4:00 in the afternoon.

B: I can see the appointment that you had. What day do you need to change to?

A: I want to change to next Tuesday.

B: What time would you prefer?

A: I would prefer three o'clock in the afternoon.

B: I will put you down for that time. Thank you for calling to reschedule.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




13. Going Home Early Because Of Being Ill















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Professor, excuse me, but I need to leave early.

B: What seems to be the problem?

A: I am not feeling well. 

B: What is bothering you?

A: I think I am beginning to have an asthma attack.

B: Would you like someone to walk you over to the Student Health Center?

A: No, I think that I should just go home because I have some medicine there.

B: Do you need a ride home?

A: I live in the dorms across the street, so I'll be OK.

B: OK, then, hope you feel better soon. Check your e-mail for missed assignments.


2
 Repeat

A: Excuse me, professor. I need to go home now.

B: Is everything OK?

A: I just feel funny.

B: What exactly seems to be the matter?

A: I have a terrible headache.

B: Do you think that you should go to the Student Health Center?

A: I already have some medicine at home if I could just get there.

B: Do you need someone to drive you home?

A: Thank you, but the bus stops right at my house.

B: Well, go home and rest up. Make sure you check the website for your assignments.


3
 Repeat

A: I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.

B: Why do you need to leave early?

A: I don't feel so good.

B: What doesn't feel right?

A: I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.

B: Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.

A: I have some medicine at home that I could take.

B: Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?

A: Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.

B: We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




14. Having a Blood Test in the Lab















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: The doctor sent me over here to have my blood drawn.

B: Certainly, please have a seat and roll up your left sleeve.

A: What is this test for?

B: Well, today your doctor wants us to check your white blood cell count.

A: What does that tell him?

B: Well, if it is elevated, you might have an infection.

A: Will the blood test hurt?

B: It is only a little pin stick. I am going to put a tourniquet on your arm to puff your veins up.

A: Ouch!

B: There we go! I got the blood that I needed.


2
 Repeat

A: My doctor says that I need a blood test.

B: I can help you with that. Just have a seat and roll up your left sleeve.

A: What are you taking my blood for?

B: Your doctor has requested a check of your white blood count.

A: What information does that give him?

B: If your white blood cell count is off, it could signal an infection somewhere in your body.

A: Is a blood test painful?

B: I am putting a tourniquet on your arm to plump up the vein. It will only feel like a little pin prick.

A: My God, that hurts!

B: That was it! Thank you for coming in today.


3
 Repeat

A: I came to this lab to have my blood drawn.

B: You are in the right place. Roll up your left sleeve and have a seat.

A: What am I being tested for?

B: Your doctor wants to know what your white blood cell count is.

A: What does my white blood cell count tell him?

B: Usually if your white count is off, the doctor suspects an infection.

A: How much will it hurt?

B: It is only a pin prick. I have to put this tourniquet on your arm to make the vein easier to find.

A: Is that my blood going into that tube?

B: That blood that just filled the tube is all that I needed. Thanks for coming in!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




7. Filling Prescription















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I need to get my prescription filled.

B: You may pick it up in twenty minutes.

A: If I wanted to, could I have it mailed to me?

B: Yes, and you can renew this prescription by phone.

A: Are there any special instructions about this medication?

B: Take it three times a day.

A: Can I take it with food?

B: You should take this medicine with food and no alcohol.

A: Are there any side effects with this medication?

B: You might get a little dizzy, but that is it.


2
 Repeat

A: I am here to get my prescription filled.

B: Your prescription will be ready in twenty minutes.

A: Do you ever deliver prescriptions by mail?

B: Yes, in fact, you can renew this prescription over the Internet and have it delivered to your home.

A: How should I take this medication?

B: You should take it twice a day.

A: Should I avoid alcohol with this medication?

B: You need something in your stomach when you take it. Don't drink alcohol with this medication.

A: Should I expect any side effects?

B: Sometimes you might feel dizzy, but that isn't common.


3
 Repeat

A: I am dropping off my prescription to get it filled.

B: You can come back in twenty minutes, and it will be ready.

A: If I couldn't wait, could the prescription be mailed to me?

B: Yes, you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO.

A: When should I take this medication?

B: You need to take it at bedtime.

A: Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach?

B: Don't mix alcohol with this medication, but you can take it with or without food.

A: What are the side effects of this medication?

B: You might feel a little dizzy at first, but it should pass.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




6. Buying Over-the-Counter Medicine















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Excuse me, could you help me pick out a lotion?

B: Sure, what is the problem?

A: I got poison oak while hiking, and I need something to help me with the itching.

B: I can suggest a product called Technu that comes in a lotion or cream.

A: Which do you prefer?

B: Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer.

A: Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching?

B: You can take an antihistamine.

A: Thank you so much for all of the information.

B: You are welcome. Please feel free to ask me a question any time you need help.


2
 Repeat

A: I need help picking out a lotion.

B: It would be my pleasure to help you. What do you need help with?

A: I picked up some poison oak while hiking, and I can't stop itching.

B: We have Technu, and it is available in lotion or cream.

A: Do you find that one works better than the other?

B: I have heard that the cream is longer lasting.

A: Is there anything I can take that will help with the itching?

B: If you take an antihistamine, that would help a lot.

A: Thank you for helping me figure out what to do with my poison oak.

B: It was a pleasure. Come back anytime.


3
 Repeat

A: Can you help me find a lotion for a problem I am having?

B: That's what I am here for. What questions can I answer for you?

A: I have poison oak, and I need help with the rash that won't stop itching.

B: The best product is Technu, and you can buy either the lotion or cream.

A: Which one is best?

B: The cream form is very popular.

A: Can I do anything else to help with the itching?

B: You could also take an antihistamine to help the rash go away quicker.

A: I appreciate you helping me find a solution to the itching.

B: Anytime you have a question, please feel free to ask.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




5. A Toothache















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you today?

B: Doctor, I have the worst toothache!

A: How long have you had this pain?

B: For about a week or so, but it's gotten really bad in the last couple of days.

A: Did you do anything that might have aggravated your tooth?

B: You know, I was eating jawbreakers in the movies the other day, and I accidentally bit down really hard on one.

A: What kind of toothbrush do you use?

B: I just use a regular hard bristle toothbrush.

A: Does it bother you when you eat something really cold?

B: Yes, it definitely bothers me more when I do that.


2
 Repeat

A: So what brings you to my office today?

B: My tooth is killing me!

A: How long has your tooth been bothering you?

B: It just started hurting me last night.

A: Have you injured your tooth in any way?

B: I think one of my fillings might be coming loose.

A: Do you have a special kind of toothbrush that you like to use?

B: I have an electric toothbrush.

A: Does it bother you when you eat something really sweet?

B: Oh yeah, when I do that, it hurts a lot more!


3
 Repeat

A: How have you been doing?

B: I can't sleep or eat. I have a really bad pain in my tooth!

A: How long have you had this toothache?

B: It bothers me off and on, but it's gotten much worse these past few weeks.

A: Is there anything that you've done to your tooth that might have caused the pain?

B: My girlfriend told me that I grind my teeth a lot when I sleep. Maybe that is the problem.

A: When you brush your teeth, what do you use?

B: I use a soft bristle toothbrush.

A: Does it bother you when you have to chew a lot?

B: Absolutely. That set it off big time!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




4. A Stomachache















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: You don't look so good.

B: I have a major stomachache

A: Did you eat something strange?

B: I had spaghetti with clam sauce for lunch.

A: Maybe you have food poisoning.

B: Yes, that could have been it, but I haven't been feeling that great for the past few days.

A: Are you under a lot of stress?

B: Not really. Things have been going OK.

A: Maybe you have a touch of the flu.

B: I think that I might be getting the flu.


2
 Repeat

A: Are you feeling OK?

B: My stomach is bothering me.

A: What have you been eating?

B: I had a ham sandwich with mayonnaise for lunch.

A: Maybe the food had something wrong with it.

B: It could be bad food, but I didn't feel so well yesterday, either.

A: Have you been under a lot of pressure lately?

B: I haven't been under any more stress than usual.

A: Perhaps you have caught that bug that is going around.

B: I feel like maybe I am coming down with the flu.


3
 Repeat

A: You look kind of green.

B: I don't feel so good. I am feeling sick to my stomach.

A: Have you had anything to eat lately?

B: I had fried shrimp and clams for lunch.

A: Perhaps the food was bad.

B: Perhaps, but I haven't felt well for a few days now.

A: Has anything been upsetting you lately?

B: My stress level is pretty much what is usually is.

A: Do you think that maybe you are getting the flu?

B: It seems to me like I may have caught a bug.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




3. Going to an Emergency Room















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Sorry to bother you, but I was wondering if you could drive me to the emergency room.

B: Of course. What is the problem?

A: I am running a really high fever of 105 degrees, and I have a rash on my stomach.

B: If you can, go and unlock the back door, so I can get in when I get there if you fall asleep.

A: I can do that when I get off of the phone.

B: Do you know where your driver's license and insurance card are?

A: I already had them out before I called you.

B: Where is your nearest emergency room?

A: It's just a few blocks away.

B: Fine, I am on my way. I'll be there in about five minutes.


2
 Repeat

A: I hate to call you this late at night, but could you possibly help me get to the emergency room?

B: We will come right over. What happened?

A: My temperature went up to 105, and I have a rash!

B: Make sure that someone unlocks the back door, so I can get in if you fall asleep before I get there.

A: I will do that in a minute.

B: Make sure that you have your insurance card and driver's license where we can grab them.

A: I know right where they both are.

B: Is there an emergency room near you?

A: It is on the other side of town, next to city hall.

B: I am on my way. Give me ten minutes and I'll get to you.


3
 Repeat

A: I really need your help and want to know if you could drive me to the emergency room.

B: I will take you there right away. What is wrong?

A: I woke up with a rash and a temperature of 105!

B: I want to be able to get to you when I get there. If you can unlock the back door right now, that would be great.

A: I will make sure that I do that before you get here.

B: Also, make sure that we have your driver's license and insurance card before we leave for the emergency room.

A: I am getting them out while I am speaking to you.

B: Do you know where your nearest emergency room is?

A: It is near the bridge that crosses over the river.

B: I am driving to you even as we speak. Hang in there!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




2. A Medical Emergency















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What seems to be the problem?

B: Oh, my God! It's my stomach. It's killing me!

A: Where does it hurt the most?

B: Right here! It hurts right here!

A: How long has it felt like this?

B: I felt OK when I woke up, and then, suddenly, I had this really sharp pain.

A: Do you have a history of stomach pain?

B: No, and I haven't done anything out of the ordinary.

A: I think that we are going to have to get you to an emergency room right away.

B: Thank you for helping me.


2
 Repeat

A: Can you tell me where it hurts?

B: I am so glad they called you. It feels like something is really wrong with my stomach!

A: Does it hurt when I push here?

B: It's mostly on my right side. Right here!

A: Have you been feeling this way for awhile?

B: I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner, but this morning the pain got really bad!

A: Have you eaten anything unusual lately?

B: No, not that I remember.

A: We are going to take you to an emergency room right now.

B: I will feel better when I know what the problem is. Thank you.


3
 Repeat

A: Where are you feeling the pain?

B: I can't stand up! My stomach is killing me!

A: Can you put your hand where it hurts the most?

B: It hurts smack in the middle of my gut!

A: Did this just come on suddenly?

B: I felt OK until an hour or so ago, and then I just doubled over.

A: Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently?

B: No, and I don't usually get a lot of stomachaches.

A: We need to get you to an emergency room to see what the problem is.

B: I think that that is the best way to figure out what is causing this. Thank you.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




1. Health Insurance















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I would like to purchase some health insurance. 

B: Have you ever purchased health insurance before?

A: I have health insurance now, but I want to look into other choices.

B: Do you know if you are interested in an HMO or a PPO?

A: Could you explain the difference to me?

B: To clarify it for you, with a PPO you pay more but you get to choose your own doctor.

A: When I pay for a service, is the payment the same for a PPO or HMO?

B: The payments are quite a bit higher for the PPO, but you can go anywhere you like. 

A: How much will an HMO cost me per month?

B: Go to our website and fill in the questionnaire. Once we have all of your information, we can give you a quote.


2
 Repeat

A: I am calling to purchase health insurance.

B: Do you have health insurance now?

A: I was on my parents' policy, but I need to start buying my own.

B: You can purchase an HMO or a PPO. Do you know what you want?

A: I don't know what I want.

B: Let me explain it to you. An HMO is a little cheaper, but you can only choose certain doctors.

A: When I go to the doctor, do I pay the same out-of-pocket expenses for a PPO?

B: The payments are a little lower for an HMO as long as you go to their doctors.

A: How much will a PPO cost me per month?

B: We need to factor in many things. Why don't you come in, and we will have you fill out a questionnaire.


3
 Repeat

A: I need information on purchasing health insurance.

B: Is this the first time you have had health insurance?

A: This is my first time buying health insurance.

B: You have a choice of HMO or PPO. Do you understand the difference?

A: I am not sure what those are.

B: Just so you understand completely: An HMO is a little cheaper, but you have limited choices of which doctor you choose.

A: If I need to use my insurance, are the payments the same for a PPO and HMO?

B: By going to the providers on the HMO list, you save money in out-of-pocket expenses.

A: Can you give me a comparison between a PPO and an HMO?

B: We can mail you a questionnaire and when we have all of your information, we will mail you a quote.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




12. Where to Buy a Used Car















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: Where is the best place to buy a used car?

B: I have always purchased my used cars from an advertisement in the paper, but actually you have many options.

A: Where else could I look for a car?

B: You could look on the Internet. Craigslist is best, as most of the cars listed there are sold locally.

A: What would be best if I wanted to actually go see a lot of used cars that are for sale?

B: The best place is CarMax, which is a very large used car lot.

A: Where is CarMax?

B: There are many of them. You can look on the Internet or in the phone book for the one closest to you.

A: How about the listings on the college bulletin board?

B: Actually, that is not a bad way to go, especially near the end of a semester as students are moving away.


2
 Repeat 

A: Can you help me figure out the best place to buy a used car?

B: There are a lot of different ways to go. I bought my last one from an advertisement in the paper.

A: What are my other options for looking for a used car?

B: Internet listings are good. Craigslist is pretty good because most of the cars are sold locally.

A: I think that I might actually like to see many used cars together so I can compare them.

B: The biggest used car lot is CarMax. I would check that place out.

A: How can I find out where CarMax is?

B: Look in the phone book or on the Internet for the one closest to you. There are a lot of them.

A: Have you ever seen the listings on the school bulletin board?

B: The school bulletin board can have some great deals, as many students sell their cars before they return home or as they get better paying jobs.


3
 Repeat 

A: Where did you buy your last used car?

B: I found my last one in an advertisement in the newspaper, but there are a lot of other places to look for used cars.

A: Besides an advertisement, what else could I do to find a used car?

B: My friend bought his used car off of Craigslist. It works out better than eBay because the cars listed are located close by.

A: Is there anywhere I can go to see many used cars all in the same place?

B: Go to CarMax if you want to see the largest selection of used cars in one place.

A: I don't know where CarMax is.

B: CarMax has many car lots in many cities. For the one closest to you, check out the Internet or phone book.

A: Have you ever known anyone who bought a car off a listing on the university bulletin board?

B: You can get a good deal there. Especially at the end of the year, when students are selling things and returning home.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




7. Making an Appointment with the DMV















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: I need to go to the DMV and don't know how to make an appointment with them.

B: First of all you need to figure out if you really need to be there in person. Sometimes you can take care of your business at the Automobile Club or at the DMV website.

A: If I do need to go in, how can I make an appointment?

B: You can either make an appointment by going online or by calling the phone number listed on their website.

A: What if I just show up there?

B: If you have all day to wait and a good book to read, that might work for you.

A: Is the DMV open on Saturdays?

B: Due to state budget cuts, the DMV is no longer open on Saturdays.

A: I think that you have just convinced me to join the Automobile Club!

B: Yes, the Automobile Club takes all the pain out of DMV transactions!


2
 Repeat 

A: How can I make an appointment at the DMV?

B: You could check the DMV website or see if the Automobile Club could help you. Many things can be taken care of without actually going in to the DMV in person.

A: How do I make an appointment if I have to actually go in?

B: You have two choices. You can call them at the number listed on their website or you can contact them online.

A: Can I just walk in and get help?

B: Without an appointment, you will be waiting for many hours. I would not advise it.

A: Can I take care of this on a Saturday?

B: Unfortunately, the DMV is no longer open on Saturdays.

A: It probably would be easier for me to join the Automobile Club.

B: The Automobile Club has many benefits, and taking care of your DMV transactions is one of the best benefits.


3
 Repeat 

A: Can you help me figure out how to make an appointment with the DMV?

B: I would try to avoid going in to the DMV in person. If you are a member of the Automobile Club, they oftentimes can take care of things for you or you can try the DMV website.

A: It would be nice not to have to go in but if I have to, how do I make an appointment?

B: The easiest way to contact them is online, but they also have a phone number listed on the website if you prefer to call them on the phone.

A: What do they do if you just show up with no appointment?

B: That is not a good way to go. You could be left waiting for many hours and there is no guarantee that they will see you at all!

A: What about going to the DMV on Saturday?

B: For a while the DMV was open on Saturday, but not anymore.

A: I think that the Automobile Club idea was a good suggestion.

B: You should check out the Automobile Club. I think you would enjoy being a member.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




8. Negotiating a Price with a Student















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: This car is exactly what I want!

B: I am glad that you like it. I've had good experiences with this car.

A: So, how much do you want for the car?

B: Well, the price in the paper was five thousand dollars.

A: Yes, I know, but I think that might be a little high for this car.

B: I might be able to come down a little on the price.

A: How about selling the car for four thousand?

B: No, that's way less than I could accept. However, I could accept forty-five hundred.

A: That sounds fair to me.

B: It's a deal then. Thank you!


2
 Repeat 

A: I really love this car!

B: Great! I was hoping that it would go to a driver who appreciates it.

A: How much are you willing to take for the car?

B: As I am sure you noticed, the price on the window is five thousand dollars.

A: Don't you think you could come down a bit on the price?

B: You seem like a nice person. Maybe I could lower the price a bit.

A: Would you sell it to me for four thousand?

B: I am thinking more in the line of four thousand five hundred.

A: I'll take it then!

B: Perfect! That works for both of us.


3
 Repeat 

A: I am definitely interested in buying this car.

B: Wonderful! It's good to find a person who really needs this car.

A: What is the price for this car?

B: The price I listed on eBay was five thousand dollars.

A: I was thinking that maybe you might be willing to lower the price a bit.

B: You know I just got a good deal on my new car. I think I can afford to knock a little off of this car.

A: I was thinking that four thousand would be a good price.

B: I couldn't go that low, but I could sell it for forty-five hundred.

A: That would work well for me.

B: It's done then. I've enjoyed doing business with you.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




9. Negotiating a Price with a Dealer















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: How much does this car cost?

B: Well, come on in and we'll sit down and discuss that right now. How much do you want to pay?

A: I really was just wondering what the price is.

B: Well, figuring in tax, license, dealer prep, and registration, I can let this car go for fifteen thousand dollars.

A: I was thinking a little lower than that.

B: Whoa! Let's keep talking here. I am sure we can work something out. What price are you thinking is fair?

A: I was thinking more like thirteen thousand dollars.

B: You know, you look like you are a sweet kid. I'll give it to you for fourteen thousand dollars.

A: That would be a good price if the car was in great shape, but it is registered as having been in an accident.

B: OK, thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty, and that's my final offer.


2
 Repeat 

A: If I want to buy this car, what will it cost me?

B: Let me get my contract out, and we'll figure that out for you right now.

A: Can't you just tell me what it costs?

B: You know, I am prepared to offer you a great deal today on that car. With tax, license, registration, and dealer prep, the total will be fifteen thousand dollars.

A: Fine, I'll come back later with my father, who is a lawyer, and we can talk then.

B: I am sure that we can work something out. What price were you thinking would be a good deal for you?

A: Thirteen thousand would be more like it.

B: Fourteen thousand for this car is a good price. For that I am practically giving it away.

A: Normally that would be a good price, but that car has been in an accident.

B: Yes, I see your point. Thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty is my final offer.


3
 Repeat 

A: How much money for this car?

B: Yes, that car is beautiful, isn't it? Come on inside and we'll discuss the price.

A: I just want to know the price.

B: Fifteen thousand out the door! What a deal! That will, of course, include tax, license, registration, and dealer prep.

A: I appreciate your help, and I'll see you later.

B: Oh, you look like a smart person. What price would be fair to you?

A: I think that thirteen thousand would be fair for this car.

B: I can see that you are a smart buyer. Fourteen thousand is my best price.

A: If the car hadn't been in an accident, that would be a good price, but it has a few minor problems.

B: Thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty is my final offer.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




10. Test Driving the Car















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: I really love the look of this car.

B: Would you like to test drive this car?

A: Yes, I would love to take it for a drive.

B: I'll go get the keys, and you can get out your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.

A: Here's my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.

B: Well, just sign this card, and we'll be on our way. Don't forget to buckle your seatbelt!

A: Can I take it on the freeway to check for acceleration?

B: That would be fine; just don't exceed the speed limit!

A: This car handles great, and I love it!

B: I am glad that you like this car.


2
 Repeat 

A: The styling of this car really appeals to me.

B: Would you like to take this car for a spin?

A: That would be a great idea.

B: Fine, all I'll need from you is your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.

A: I've got my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance ready.

B: OK, after you sign this card, we'll take a spin. Make sure you buckle your seatbelt!

A: I would like to go on the freeway to test it for speed.

B: As long as you don't exceed the speed limit, that would be fine.

A: Whoa, this car has wonderful pickup!

B: Yes, this is a very popular car.


3
 Repeat 

A: Wow, what a cool car!

B: How about taking this car out for a drive to see if you like how it handles?

A: I would enjoy seeing how it handles.

B: While I'm getting the keys, you just need to take out your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.

A: I found my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.

B: Great! Sign this card, buckle your seatbelt, and we'll hit the road.

A: I want to take the car up to freeway speed.

B: Take a left at the next signal to enter the freeway. Just keep it under the speed limit!

A: This car has a nice smooth ride, even on the freeway.

B: You know, I've driven it myself, and I agree with you.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




11. Title Transfer















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: Now I've decided to buy this car, how do I transfer the title to myself?

B: Actually, your best bet is to contact the Automobile Club or to go to the DMV website.

A: Basically, what will I need to do?

B: Both buyer and seller need to transfer the ownership by filling out a Change of Ownership form and signing over the Certificate of Title, which will be either pink or rainbow. 

A: Will I have to pay any fees?

B: All of the transfer fees are the responsibility of the buyer.

A: How much will it cost to transfer the title?

B: The DMV has a special formula that they use to calculate the fees. They will figure it out for you.

A: Do I need a Smog Certificate?

B: No, only if your car was manufactured before 1975.

A: Where do I take my forms?

B: You can take them to the DMV. You have ten days to complete the process.


2
 Repeat 

A: I don't really know all that much about the paperwork involved in buying a used car.

B: If you are a member of the Automobile Club, they can help guide you through the process, or just go to the DMV website.

A: What is the big picture of what I will need to take care of?

B: The car has a pink or rainbow Certificate of Title, which both the buyer and seller need to sign. They also both need to fill out the Change of Ownership form.

A: Who pays the fees to transfer the ownership?

B: The buyer must pay all of the fees.

A: Will it be really expensive to transfer the title?

B: The DMV will calculate the fees for you when you submit the paperwork.

A: What about a Smog Certificate?

B: No, your car was built after 1974, so you will be fine.

A: Where can I turn in my forms?

B: If you are a member of the Automobile Club, you can turn in your forms to them.


3
 Repeat 

A: Can you help me figure out how to transfer the title of the car I wish to buy so it will be registered in my name?

B: You can go to the DMV website for information or, if you are a member of the Automobile Club, they can be very helpful.

A: Can you just fill me in on what needs to be done?

B: When you both fill out and sign a Change of Ownership form and sign the Certificate of Title, the ownership will be transferred.

A: Are there any fees involved?

B: As the buyer, you are responsible for all of the fees.

A: How much money will I have to pay to transfer the title?

B: The only way to calculate the fee is to turn your paperwork in to the DMV, and they will figure it out for you.

A: Do I need to take the car in for a Smog Certificate?

B: No, your car is a newer model, so you won't need one.

A: Whom do I give my forms to when they are completed?

B: Check online for special situations, but usually you can mail your forms in to the DMV.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




6. How to Pay for the Used Car















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: I am buying a used car and don't know much about financing it.

B: I can help you. Do you have a down payment?

A: Yes, I have saved up three thousand dollars for a down payment.

B: Good, because you will not be able to get a loan without putting some money down on the car.

A: I don't know where exactly to get a loan.

B: Other than friends or family, you can go to a bank, credit union, or use the dealer financing if you bought the car off a car lot.

A: What is the best choice for financing?

B: It depends. The worst financing deal is usually at the dealer, but they will oftentimes give you a loan when a bank turns you down.

A: What do I need to have with me when I apply for the loan?

B: You will need a recent pay stub and a copy of the pink slip for the car. Before the loan is complete, you will need to show proof of insurance. Good luck!


2
 Repeat 

A: Can you help me learn about financing options for a used car?

B: I would love to help you with what I know. I am assuming that you have a down payment.

A: Yes, I already borrowed some money from my parents for the down payment.

B: That will work. A bank or finance company will not loan you money without a down payment.

A: I am not sure who will loan money to me.

B: You can apply for a loan at a bank, credit union, or approach the used car dealer who sold you the car. You might also try family and friends.

A: Who offers the best interest rate?

B: A credit union will usually give you the best interest rate, but the dealer will almost always give you some type of loan.

A: Do I need any documents when I apply for a car loan?

B: Be sure that you take a recent pay stub and a copy of the pink slip. You will have a few days to produce proof of insurance. Enjoy your new car!


3
 Repeat 

A: I need help figuring out how to pay for a used car that I am thinking of buying.

B: I would be happy to help you. Have you saved up a down payment?

A: I will be getting money from selling my old car.

B: You really need that money so that a bank or finance company will loan you the rest of the money that you need. 

A: Who gives loans out to people wanting to buy cars?

B: Usually people go to a bank, credit union, or, if they bought the car at a car lot, they might use the dealer finance company.

A: What is the best place to get financing?

B: The dealer will charge you a higher interest rate, but sometimes they are your only choice if you are just starting out.

A: Will I need some documentation when I apply for the loan?

B: Just make sure that you bring them your last pay stub and a copy of the pink slip. You can then work on getting insured. Enjoy your new car!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




5. Detecting a Problem with the Car















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: I was thinking about buying this used car, and was wondering if you would take a look at it for me to see if it has any problems.

B: Sure, pull up over there and we'll take a look.

A: I just wasn't sure what to look for.

B: The first thing you do is look for any signs of wear both inside and out. We will also look at the body for signs of major repair.

A: Someone told me that I could go online and see if the car is listed as having been in a major accident.

B: Yes, that's right. Next, we will turn on the engine and I will check under the hood to look at the hoses and belts.

A: Should we take the car for a drive?

B: Yes, but before we pull away, let's check to make sure that the radio, turn signals, lights, and seats all work properly.

A: As I am driving what should I be checking?

B: You want to make sure that the brakes don't pull to one side and that the car has good alignment and acceleration.

A: Thanks for your help.

B: You are welcome. Enjoy driving your car!


2
 Repeat 

A: Could you take a few minutes and see if there are any problems with this used car that I am thinking of buying?

B: I am happy to help. Just pull up and we'll give it a good look.

A: I don't know much about cars.

B: We need to look inside and outside for signs of an accident or major damage. Also, we need to look for wear on the tires.

A: If I go online I can also check to see if the car has been involved in a major accident.

B: Yes, you can check the history of the car online. Next, we need to turn on the engine and take a look at the belts and hoses.

A: Will you take a drive with me to check handling?

B: A test drive would be good. But first let's make sure that the turn signals, radio, lights, and seats work properly.

A: On a test drive, what should I look for?

B: We are checking for solid braking and good overall handling.

A: I appreciate you helping me figure out what to look for.

B: My pleasure. This seems to be a solid car and a good choice for you.


3
 Repeat 

A: I want to buy this used car, but I need help figuring out if there are any problems with it.

B: I can help you with that. Drive the car over by the garage and we'll check it out.

A: I know some things to look for, but I know there are other special things to look for.

B: Always start with looking for signs of major damage that may have been repaired and also check tire wear.

A: If the car has been in a major accident, that should have been recorded online.

B: Right. All major accidents should have been recorded. Next start the car up, pop the hood, and we'll take a look at the belts and hoses.

A: I would like for you to take a test drive with me.

B: We'll do that in a minute, but first we should check that the radio, turn signals, and all of the lights work properly.

A: As we drive, what am I checking for?

B: You want to make sure that the alignment is good, that the engine accelerates smoothly, and that the car can safely brake to a stop.

A: I like knowing what to look for when buying a used car and appreciate the help.

B: This car is in good shape and should give you no major problems. Enjoy it!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




4. Declining to Buy the Car















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: Thank you for letting me test drive the car.

B: So do you think that you would like to purchase this car?

A: You know, I am not interested in purchasing the car right now.

B: What's the problem? We can at least sit down and maybe work out a deal.

A: Actually, I have several other cars to look at before I make my decision.

B: What didn't you like about the car? Maybe I can fix something for you.

A: It is a combination of things, but I appreciate your time.

B: I have some other cars you might want to look at.

A: Again, I appreciate your time but I will not be purchasing this car.

B: Give me a call if you change your mind. Have a good day.


2
 Repeat 

A: I appreciate you letting me take the car out for a spin.

B: Why don't you come over here and we can work out the details of the purchase?

A: I don't think that this is the car for me at this point in time.

B: It's a great deal. Let's talk price. Maybe you'll change your mind.

A: This is only the first car that I've looked at.

B: Is there something in particular that didn't look good to you?

A: It isn't one thing in particular, but I think I can do better for my money.

B: I really think that you should reconsider.

A: Thank you again for your time.

B: Thank you for stopping by. Good luck in your search for a car.


3
 Repeat 

A: I enjoyed taking the car out for a test drive.

B: Isn't that a great car? Let's work out the details of purchase.

A: I will not be purchasing the car today.

B: Why don't you take a second look at that car? You'll see that it is as good a deal as you are going to get.

A: I need to compare this car to others to make an informed choice.

B: You said on the phone that this is the kind of car you wanted. What has changed your mind?

A: I just really need to make sure that I get the best car for my money.

B: You know, you can look around but I just don't think that you are going to get a better deal for your money.

A: I will continue looking around for cars and will get back to you if I change my mind.

B: OK, then. Have a good day.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




3. Deciding to Buy the Car















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: I really like that car and I am thinking of buying it.

B: Yes, I agree. Do you want to take it to a mechanic to have it checked out?

A: I already took care of that yesterday.

B: That's good. Have you discussed the price with the seller?

A: Yes, I think we've agreed upon a fair price.

B: Have you set up your financing to pay for this car?

A: Yes, my parents are going to loan me the money.

B: That's good. Would you like me to go talk to the seller with you and drive your car home?

A: That would be a great help!

B: Glad to be of help. I can't wait to see your new car!


2
 Repeat 

A: That car is exactly what I want, so I probably should buy it.

B: From what I see, it's a good deal. Should a mechanic check it out for you?

A: A mechanic looked at it for me on Tuesday when I first looked at it.

B: It's good that you took care of that. Have you agreed upon a price with the seller?

A: Yes, he was willing to lower his price a bit and I'm good with that.

B: Do you know how you are going to pay for this car?

A: Yes, I have already pre-qualified for a loan with my credit union.

B: You are very well prepared! I could go with you to talk to the seller and help you get your car home.

A: I appreciate the offer of help!

B: It will be my pleasure to help you. I am looking forward to riding in your new car.


3
 Repeat 

A: I think that that car drove really well and is a good deal.

B: It seems to be a good choice for you. You might want to have a mechanic take a look at it just to be sure.

A: My friend is a mechanic and he came and looked at it for me this morning.

B: That was smart of you to think ahead. Have you and the seller agreed upon a price?

A: Yes, he is willing to accept the price that I offered him.

B: Have you thought about how to pay for your car?

A: I saved up enough money to pay cash for this car.

B: You've really thought this through. Let me go with you to make the payment and drive your car home for you.

A: That would make it a lot easier for me.

B: Let's go take care of that right now. I really want to see your new car!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




2. Buying Insurance















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: I am interested in buying auto insurance.

B: Sure, I can help you. Did you bring all of your registration papers?

A: Yes, I brought everything with me.

B: Is your car with you?

A: Yes, it is out in the parking lot.

B: Wonderful. Let's go out and check to see what shape it is in.

A: OK, can you help me figure out what I should insure my car for?

B: I will look it up on the Blue Book list and we will factor in its condition.

A: What else do I need to consider?

B: Yes, you need to figure in liability for damage to the other car as well as injury issues as well.


2
 Repeat 

A: Good morning, I need to buy car insurance for the used car I just bought.

B: Yes, no problem. Do you have your registration and Certificate of Ownership with you?

A: Yes, it is all right here.

B: Did you drive your car here?

A: Yes, it is out in the back.

B: That's great. We'll go out and check the condition of your car.

A: I understand, what should I insure my car for?

B: There is a Blue Book price for your car and we will use that price.

A: What other things do I need to insure for?

B: We will factor in damage to the other car as well as property damage and injury.


3
 Repeat 

A: I just bought a used car and need to insure it.

B: We can take care of that right now. Do you have all of your paperwork with you?

A: Yes, I took care of all of that and have the papers with me.

B: Did you bring your car with you?

A: Yes, it is parked on the street.

B: Fine, I need to go out with you to check your car for wear and tear.

A: Fine, how will I know how much I should insure my car for?

B: After looking at your car, I will use the Blue Book price and we will consider the condition of the car.

A: Are there other considerations when I insure my car?

B: We always need to think about property damage, damage to other vehicles, and injury.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




1. Asking a Friend About Car Insurance















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: What kind of car insurance do you have?

B: I went with the Automobile Club.

A: Why did you choose that company?

B: I looked at the price of the type of insurance that I wanted.

A: What should I think about in choosing services?

B: There are websites that will figure out what coverage is right for you.

A: What did you end up buying?

B: Well, my car is very old, so I didn't worry so much about what it would cost to repair it. I did buy a lot of coverage for fixing someone else's car.

A: Have you ever had to use your insurance?

B: I never had to use my insurance.


2
 Repeat 

A: When you insured your car, what kind did you buy?

B: I decided to buy from GEICO.

A: What influenced your choice of companies?

B: I looked at the customer satisfaction rating of the company.

A: How did you figure out what services to buy?

B: Every individual has different considerations. Your agent can help you understand what you need to think about.

A: What did you place an emphasis on when you bought your insurance?

B: I carry a lot of liability insurance because I own a house and need to protect it from a lawsuit.

A: Did you ever get into an accident and need your insurance?

B: I was in an accident and was happy that I had good insurance to cover it.


3
 Repeat 

A: What car insurance company did you decide to go with when you bought your new car?

B: State Farm seemed like the best deal for me.

A: How did you make that decision?

B: I compared rates and services available.

A: Where can I get help in figuring out what I need to purchase for coverage?

B: You can pick up a pamphlet at your insurance company that will explain the options to you.

A: What did you decide to cover yourself for?

B: I pretty much carry the average amount in all categories as the agent recommended.

A: How many times have you actually used your insurance?

B: I was in an accident, but it was the other person's fault and their insurance covered it.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




13. At the Window of the DMV















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: Could you tell me what window I should go to?

B: Do you have an appointment?

A: Yes, I have an appointment.

B: The DMV windows are set up for different tasks. What are you here to do?

A: I need to transfer ownership of a used car.

B: I can see that you have all of your forms filled out. Drop the forms in that box, and I will call you when your name comes up.

A: Thanks for helping me.

B: You are welcome. May I see your current Driver's License?

A: Here is my license, it is not a very good picture of me!

B: That's a pretty good picture. Just pay the fee over at the last window and you're done!


2
 Repeat 

A: This is my first time at the DMV, and I don't know what window to go to.

B: It depends on what you are doing. Did you make an appointment?

A: I made an appointment last month.

B: All of the windows are for specific services. What do you need to do today?

A: I just bought a used car and need to transfer the ownership.

B: If you just put all of your filled-out forms in the drop box, your name will be called when it comes up.

A: Thank you, that helps me know what to do.

B: My pleasure. The only other thing I need is your current Driver's License.

A: Here is my license, it is a very old picture of me!

B: You look good in that picture. Take this over to the last window to pay your fee, and you've finished registering your car.


3
 Repeat 

A: Could you help direct me to the proper window?

B: There are different windows for different things. Did you make an appointment on the Internet?

A: I made my appointment over the Internet.

B: Different windows will be able to help you with different problems. What do you need help with?

A: I need help transferring the ownership of a new car from my friend to myself.

B: The signed forms go in the box, and I will call your name in a few minutes.

A: Thank you for making it seem less confusing.

B: If you would give me your current Driver's License, I will be able to complete the transfer process.

A: Here is my license, I never really liked that picture!

B: That is a great picture! Take the forms over to the last window to pay your fees and you're finished!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




16. Ordering Fast Food















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Welcome, what would you like to order?

B: I would like to get a double cheeseburger.

A: Would you like everything on it?

B: I would like everything on it, thank you.

A: Do you want any fries?

B: Let me get some large curly fries.

A: Can I get you anything to drink?

B: Sure, how about a medium Pepsi?

A: Is that everything?

B: That'll be all. Thanks.

A: You're welcome, and your total is $5.48.

B: Thank you. Here you go.


2
 Repeat

A: What can I get for you?

B: Hello, may I have a double cheeseburger?

A: With everything on it?

B: That sounds great.

A: Did you want fries with your order?

B: May I get a large order of curly fries?

A: Did you want something to drink?

B: Get me a medium Pepsi.

A: Would you like anything else?

B: No, thank you. That's it.

A: No problem, that'll be $5.48.

B: Thanks a lot. Keep the change.


3
 Repeat

A: How may I help you?

B: A double cheeseburger sounds good.

A: Everything on it?

B: Yes, please.

A: Would you like fries with that?

B: I would love large curly fries.

A: Would you like anything to drink?

B: Yes, let me have a medium Pepsi.

A: Will that be all?

B: Yeah, that's it. Thank you.

A: Your total comes to $5.48.

B: Here you go. Thank you very much.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




15. Talking Negatively about the Restaurant















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: So how did you like the restaurant?

B: Actually, it could have been better.

A: What didn't you like about it?

B: It is a new restaurant. I don't think they have their act together yet.

A: What did you think about the food?

B: I felt that the food was pretty mediocre.

A: The service wasn't that great, either.

B: I agree. The service was not good.

A: Do you think that you want to try this restaurant another time?

B: No, I think that I've had enough of this restaurant.


2
 Repeat

A: Did you enjoy the restaurant?

B: I didn't really like it all that much.

A: What do you think the problem was?

B: Well, they are pretty new. I just didn't feel that they were ready to open yet.

A: How did you feel about the food?

B: The food wasn't all that exciting.

A: I didn't think that the service was good, either.

B: Yes, the service certainly didn't add to the experience.

A: Would you like to return to this restaurant?

B: Maybe we could try it again in a few months when things have settled down.


3
 Repeat

A: How do you feel about that restaurant?

B: It wasn't all that great.

A: What did you dislike the most?

B: I don't think that they had their act together. They didn't seem well prepared.

A: Did you think that the food was any good?

B: I wasn't all that impressed by the food.

A: The service certainly could have been better.

B: The service did not help the situation.

A: Is this a restaurant that you want to come back to?

B: I am not really interested in trying this restaurant again.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




14. Talking Positively About the Restaurant















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: So, how did you like the restaurant?

B: I thought that it was very good. 

A: I felt the food was excellent.

B: What did you like the best?

A: I liked the fish the best.

B: I liked the fish also, but I really enjoyed the dessert the most.

A: Yes, the macadamia cakes were wonderful.

B: Wasn't the service top-notch?

A: Yes, the waiter was very attentive.

B: I hope to be able to come back to this restaurant soon.


2
 Repeat

A: Did you like the restaurant?

B: It was pretty good.

A: The food was wonderful.

B: What was your favorite dish?

A: The fish was my favorite.

B: Yes, the fish was great, but the dessert was awesome.

A: I agree that the macadamia cake was awesome.

B: Didn't you think that the service was the best?

A: Yes, our waiter really went out of the way for us.

B: I would like to return to this restaurant soon.


3
 Repeat

A: How do you feel about this restaurant?

B: I really liked it!

A: I really enjoyed the food.

B: What did you enjoy the most?

A: I enjoyed the fish the most.

B: The fish was pretty special, but I loved the dessert.

A: The macadamia cake was out-of-this-world!

B: I really felt that the service was exceptionally good.

A: Yes, the service really added to the experience.

B: I am looking forward to returning to this restaurant.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




13. Little Tips for Bad Service















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Do you want some dessert?

B: No thanks. We just need our check. Have you seen the waitress?

A: Where is our waitress anyway?

B: Yes, the service hasn't been the best. Is that our waitress over there?

A: I'll walk over and get the bill, since I don't think the waitress is coming over here any time soon.

B: Good idea. Just bring it back and we'll figure it out together.

A: So the bill is $36.00.

B: How much do you think we should leave for a tip?

A: My first inclination is to leave nothing for a tip.

B: I agree, but we don't really know the whole story. There may have been problems in the kitchen beyond her control.

A: Let's leave 10%, so that we at least leave something for the service.

B: I agree. We will leave $3.60 for the tip.


2
 Repeat

A: Would you like some more coffee?

B: No thanks. I'm full. We need to find our waitress and get our bill.

A: Good luck finding the waitress!

B: The service this evening has kind of sucked. Is that our server over there?

A: I'll go get the check, since our server doesn't seem to be headed this way.

B: Good. I'll just stay here until you get back.

A: So the total is $36.00 for our dinner.

B: How much of a tip do you think our waitress deserves?

A: I wonder if no tip would be appropriate in light of the service.

B: I kind of feel the same way, but they may have just been really short-staffed tonight.

A: I think that we should leave 10%.

B: $3.60 will be the right amount for the tip.


3
 Repeat

A: Would you like to order anything else?

B: No, I'm good. All we need now is our check.

A: Our waitress has been kind of scarce tonight, hasn't she?

B: I think that is our waitress over by the bar. Boy, the service has not been good this evening.

A: She doesn't appear to be headed this way, so I will go get the check.

B: Good. Just bring it back and we'll total it together.

A: Our total for dinner is $36.00.

B: What do you think would be the right amount to tip?

A: I kind of don't want to leave any tip for the lousy service we received.

B: I agree that it was bad service, but I heard one of the other waiters mentioning that it was our server's first night on the job.

A: I believe that 10% is just about right.

B: I think that a tip of $3.60 will be the right amount to leave.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




12. Good Tips for Good Service















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Do you want some dessert?

B: No thanks. We just need our check. Have you seen the waitress?

A: Here comes our waitress with our check.

B: The service here has been really great, don't you think?

A: Yes, the service was quite good.

B: So, let's look at the check. The total is $36.00.

A: How much do you think we should leave for a tip?

B: Usually people leave 15 percent, but this was exceptional service. I am thinking that maybe 20 percent would be appropriate.

A: I agree that 20 percent would be just about right.

B: OK, so that will bring her tip to $7.20. Add it to the $36.00 and the total is $43.20.

A: Yes, what a nice dinner that was!

B: We'll have to make sure to come back here again real soon.


2
 Repeat

A: Would you like some more coffee?

B: No thanks. I'm full. We need to find our waitress and get our bill.

A: The waitress is bringing the bill right now.

B: This waitress has really been on top of things, hasn't she?

A: Yes, this waitress did a great job.

B: OK, let's see what the damage is. The total for our meal is $36.00.

A: What do you think would be the right amount to leave for a tip?

B: Fifteen percent is a normal tip, but she really did a great job. What do you think about 20 percent this time?

A: Yes, 20 percent would be perfect.

B: Her tip will end up being $7.20 plus the bill of $36.00. The total will be $43.20.

A: Yes, that was one fantastic meal!

B: I agree. Maybe we can come back again next week.


3
 Repeat

A: Would you like to order anything else?

B: No, I'm good. All we need now is our check.

A: The waitress is walking over here with our check even as we speak.

B: I have never had bad service at this restaurant, but this time was really exceptional.

A: Yes, she really went out of her way to make this a pleasant dining experience.

B: Let's take a look at our bill. The total price for our dinner is $36.00.

A: How much money should we leave for a tip?

B: I know that 15 percent is a normal tip, but I really thought that this waitress went out of her way for us. What do you think about tipping her 20 percent?

A: She definitely deserves 20 percent for a tip.

B: So we can add her tip of $7.20 to the bill of $36.00 and the total will be $43.20.

A: Yes, what a wonderful meal!

B: It absolutely was a great meal. We'll have to return here for lunch sometime.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




11. Making Negative Comments on Food















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: George, how is your chicken?

B: My chicken tastes all right, but it is pretty dry. How is your fish?

A: My fish is pretty dry too.

B: It's almost as if this food has been sitting a little too long. It doesn't seem fresh.

A: Yes, it seems that way to me also.

B: How are your vegetables?

A: My vegetables are very soggy.

B: Mine are the same way. It seems like they've been overcooked.

A: I don't usually complain, but I think that we should mention this to the waiter.

B: I agree. Maybe they can bring us some better food.


2
 Repeat

A: George, is your chicken OK?

B: It tastes great, but it is really dry. Is your fish all right?

A: My fish is very dry.

B: I wonder if they left it sitting around too long before they served it. 

A: That's exactly what I was thinking had happened.

B: Are your vegetables OK?

A: The vegetables are kind of mushy.

B: So are mine. I think they left them cooking too long.

A: The food here is usually good, so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is a problem.

B: I think that you are right. Maybe they can give us a free dessert or something.


3
 Repeat

A: Does your chicken taste all right?

B: The chicken tastes wonderful, but it is kind of dry. Is your fish OK?

A: My fish has good seasoning but is a little dry.

B: It seems as if they got busy and left it sitting before it got to us.

A: Yes, maybe they are short-handed in the kitchen tonight.

B: Are your vegetables a little mushy?

A: The vegetables seem to not be very fresh.

B: Mine aren't so good, either.

A: I usually enjoy the meals here, so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is something wrong with this meal.

B: I think that we should let someone know. They will probably want to fix the problem.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




10. Making Positive Comments on Food















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What a wonderful dinner!

B: Thank you. I am glad that you are enjoying it.

A: Where did you get your fantastic recipes?

B: I grew up cooking. My mother shared her recipes with me.

A: I especially like the wonderful chicken dish.

B: That is a special coconut ginger chicken with rice dish.

A: Is that shrimp in the soup?

B: Yes, do you like it? I added a little extra lemon grass and some sea vegetables.

A: I am happy that the wine I brought for you works well with this meal.

B: Yes, thank you for bringing the wine. It really complements the meal.


2
 Repeat

A: This is a great meal!

B: Thank you. I am glad that everything turned out so well.

A: Who taught you how to cook this well?

B: I took a cooking class at the Culinary Institute.

A: Wow, what is in this chicken dish?

B: Isn't that great? That is coconut ginger chicken with rice.

A: Is the soup a shrimp soup?

B: Yes, there is shrimp in there along with sea vegetables and lemon grass.

A: I think I got lucky in choosing a wine that blends with this meal.

B: I appreciate you bringing the wine. It goes well with the chicken.


3
 Repeat

A: I really love this meal.

B: Thanks. I was hoping that you would all enjoy this meal.

A: Where did you learn to cook these amazing dishes?

B: I got a really wonderful cookbook for my birthday and decided to try out a few of the recipes.

A: The chicken is out of this world!

B: I love that dish as well. It is coconut chicken with rice.

A: I was wondering if there was shrimp in the soup.

B: Yes, that soup has a shrimp base. I also added sea vegetables and lemon grass.

A: It worked out well that the wine that I brought to share seems to blend well with this meal.

B: I love this wine! It goes very well with the chicken.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




9. A Mistake by the Waitress















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Here is your breakfast!

B: Thanks so much. Miss, I believe I ordered my eggs scrambled, and these are fried.

A: Sorry, your friend over there ordered fried eggs, and I gave you his by mistake.

B: Oh yeah. Here, I will just trade with him.

A: Here are your pancakes, sir.

B: But I ordered waffles!

A: I am so sorry!

B: That's OK. I will eat my eggs and bacon, and you can take my pancakes back.

A: Good, sir. I will take care of that right away.

B: Thank you so much!


2
 Repeat

A: I believe you ordered the Grand Slam breakfast.

B: Oh, good! You know, I am looking at my plate and I ordered scrambled eggs, not fried.

A: I just noticed that I accidentally brought you your friend's breakfast.

B: I can just trade with him, thank you.

A: And pancakes for you, sir.

B: I am sorry, but I think I ordered waffles.

A: I am sorry that I misheard you.

B: Just please take my pancakes to trade for waffles. While I am waiting, I will eat my bacon and eggs.

A: I will get straight back to you with your waffles.

B: I would appreciate that.


3
 Repeat

A: One Grand Slam breakfast for you!

B: Thanks. You know, I just noticed that these eggs are fried, and I ordered scrambled.

A: Thank you for pointing that out. I mistakenly gave you your friend's breakfast.

B: Not a problem. I can just trade my plate with his.

A: A special order of banana pancakes for you!

B: Pancakes? I don't like pancakes. I ordered waffles.

A: I am so sorry, sir!

B: I can eat my bacon and eggs while you are exchanging my pancakes for waffles.

A: I will go trade those pancakes for waffles right now.

B: That would take care of it, thank you.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




8. Ordering Dessert















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Did you enjoy your meal?

B: Yes, we really enjoyed it.

A: May I interest you in some dessert?

B: Yes, that sounds great.

A: We have chocolate mousse cake, and a spicy rum apple crisp for our specials.

B: The apple crisp sounds great.

A: Since there are four of you, would you like to split a second dessert?

B: Good suggestion. Could you please bring us a chocolate mousse cake and four dessert forks, please?

A: Would you like coffee or tea with your dessert?

B: Let's have four coffees, please.

A: OK. I will be right back with your desserts and drinks.

B: Thank you! We have really enjoyed our meal here.


2
 Repeat

A: So how was your meal?

B: Our meal was wonderful!

A: Would you like to finish your evening with us with some dessert?

B: I am full, but maybe we could split a few desserts.

A: Tonight's dessert specials include chocolate mousse cake, and a spicy rum apple crisp.

B: I would love the apple crisp.

A: That is a good choice, but would you like to split a second dessert for the four of you?

B: Add in a chocolate mousse cake and we're good. We will also need four dessert forks, please.

A: Can I bring you some coffee or tea with your dessert?

B: We would like two coffees and two teas.

A: I will put your dessert order in and be right back with your drinks.

B: Thanks, and may we have our check when you come back? We have theater tickets and need to leave soon.


3
 Repeat

A: Did your meal meet with your approval?

B: Our meal was absolutely perfect!

A: How about a dessert to top off that wonderful meal?

B: Dessert sounds perfect, but I would like to split something with my friends.

A: On this evening's dessert list, we have chocolate mousse cake, and a spicy rum apple crisp.

B: I think that the apple crisp would be wonderful.

A: One dessert will serve two, so would you like to split a second one?

B: We would also like a piece of chocolate mousse cake. Could you bring us four dessert forks, please?

A: How about some coffee and tea with your dessert?

B: We are all tea drinkers. Please bring us four teas.

A: I will prepare your desserts and have someone bring you your drinks right away.

B: The hot drinks first would be great. Thanks!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




7. Ordering Drinks















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: May I take your drink order while you are looking over your menu?

B: Yes, do you have a wine list?

A: The wine list is on the second page of your menu.

B: Do you have mixed drinks in this restaurant?

A: Yes, we have a full bar here.

B: I am not sure what I want. Do you have any house specials?

A: Actually, we are famous for our Cuervo Gold margaritas.

B: That sounds good! Please bring me one of those.

A: Would you like that drink blended or on the rocks?

B: I would like it blended.

A: Would you like it with salt or no salt?

B: I would like my margarita with no salt, thank you.


2
 Repeat

A: While you are thinking about what you might like to order for dinner, would you like to order your drinks?

B: Can you tell me where your wine list is?

A: The wine list is posted right there on the board.

B: Can we order a mixed drink in this restaurant?

A: Yes, we have a wide selection of mixed drinks available from our bar.

B: Do you have any house specials that you could recommend?

A: Our most popular drinks are our Cuervo Gold margaritas.

B: That sounds like a good choice for me. May I have one, please?

A: Can I bring that to you on the rocks, or would you like it blended?

B: Please bring it to me on the rocks.

A: Salt or no salt?

B: I would like it with no salt, please.


3
 Repeat

A: Can I take your drink order?

B: Where is your wine list?

A: The wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table.

B: Do you have any mixed drinks available here?

A: We can make a number of mixed drinks at our bar.

B: I heard that you are famous for your drinks. What are your specials?

A: Our house special is our Cuervo Gold margarita.

B: I would love a margarita right now! That is what I am going to order.

A: Can I prepare your drink on the rocks, or would you prefer it blended?

B: I prefer my margarita on the rocks, please.

A: Do you like your margarita with salt or no salt?

B: No salt, please.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




6. Ordering Main Entree















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Have you had enough time to look over the menu?

B: Yes, we are almost ready to order.

A: Let me remind you of the specials of the day, which are posted on the board.

B: Oh, that all sounds so good! Can we get the sauce on the side?

A: Yes, we would be happy to prepare the food to meet your special needs.

B: I was wondering if you have any vegetarian choices.

A: Yes, the roasted vegetable salad is good, and the portabella mushroom burger is also a good choice.

B: I think that I would like to order the broccoli noodles, please.

A: That is an excellent choice, and I could bring you your salads now or bring them with your dinner.

B: Please bring our salads to us now. We are hungry!


2
 Repeat

A: Are you ready to order?

B: I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.

A: Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.

B: I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.

A: The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.

B: I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?

A: You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.

B: I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.

A: That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.

B: You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.


3
 Repeat

A: Would you like to order now?

B: This all looks good! I think we know what we want.

A: Please let me point out the chef's special, which is blackened catfish.

B: I am dieting, so could the chef prepare the food with no extra sauce?

A: We are always happy to adjust our cooking to meet your needs.

B: Could you tell me if there are any entrees that are vegetarian?

A: The cashew broccoli noodles or the cheese and veggie enchiladas would be an excellent choice.

B: I am going to go with the grilled shrimp with garlic sauce. I would like the garlic sauce on the side.

A: Would you like your salad brought to you with your entrée, or would you like it served now?

B: You can serve our salads with our dinner.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




5. Ordering Appetizers















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I am your waitress, Mary.

B: Hello, Mary. We are all pretty hungry tonight!

A: While you are looking over the menu, can I interest you in an appetizer?

B: An appetizer sounds good. Do you have a special menu?

A: They are listed on the first page of the menu.

B: The coconut shrimp looks good. Have you ever had that?

A: Yes, it is excellent!

B: Good, I'll take that then.

A: Would you like to split that and choose another appetizer for half price to share?

B: Good. In that case, we'll also take an order of onion rings. Thank you!


2
 Repeat

A: My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.

B: Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.

A: Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?

B: Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?

A: There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.

B: The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?

A: You know, that is one of my favorites!

B: OK, I'll take one order of that.

A: You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.

B: Perfect! Please add on an order of onion rings.


3
 Repeat

A: My name is Mary, and I will be your server this evening.

B: Hi Mary. We are really looking forward to a great meal here.

A: Can I interest you in an appetizer to start out?

B: I would love an appetizer. Are they listed in the menu?

A: We have our daily appetizers listed on the board over there on the wall.

B: I am thinking about the popcorn shrimp. How is that?

A: That would be a great choice!

B: I'll trust your taste and take one order of that.

A: We have a special where you can order a second appetizer for half price.

B: In that case, we'll take an order of onion rings with our first choice.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




4. Ordering Food and Drinks















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Can I start you off with anything to drink?

B: Yes, may I have some water, please?

A: Sure, would you like any appetizers today?

B: May I get an order of barbeque wings?

A: No problem, can I get you anything else?

B: No, thank you, that'll be all for now.

A: Let me know when you're ready to order your food.

B: I'm ready.

A: What can I get you?

B: May I have the fettuccini Alfredo?

A: Will that be all?

B: Yes, that's it.


2
 Repeat

A: May I get you anything to drink?

B: Yes, please. May I get a glass of lemonade?

A: Would you like an appetizer?

B: May I get an order of barbeque wings?

A: Sure, would you like anything else?

B: That'll be fine for now, thank you.

A: Tell me when you want to order the rest of your food.

B: Excuse me. I'm ready to order.

A: What would you like?

B: Let me have the baby-back ribs.

A: Sure, will there be anything else that I can get you?

B: That will be it for now.


3
 Repeat

A: Good evening, can I get you a drink?

B: Sure, I would like a Coke.

A: Would you like to order anything off the appetizer menu?

B: Let's see, can I get some fried zucchini, please?

A: Would you like to order anything else?

B: No, that's it, thank you.

A: No problem, call me when you're ready to place the rest of your order.

B: I would like to order my food now.

A: What did you want to order?

B: Can I get a cheeseburger and some fries?

A: Can I get you anything else?

B: That's all, thank you.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




3. Being Seated at the Restaurant















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Good evening, sir, and welcome to Chez Attitude.

B: We have a dinner reservation for four at 7:00 under the name of Foster.

A: Yes, Mr. Foster, if you would please be seated over in the waiting area, our hostess will be with you in a moment.

B: Thank you. Would it be OK if we have a cocktail while we are waiting?

A: Of course, I will tell her.

B: I would really prefer an outside table. Would that be possible?

A: Sure, if you would like one of those tables, I could seat you right away.

B: Sure, that would be great! Thank you!

A: Here are your menus and the wine menu, and would you like to order your drinks now?

B: Yes, I would like a vodka gimlet, please.

A: Sure, no problem, sir.

B: Thank you very much.


2
 Repeat

A: Welcome to our restaurant, Chez Attitude!

B: Our reservation is under the name of Foster at 7:00 for four people.

A: Yes, Mr. Foster, our hostess will be with you in just a moment.

B: We would like to begin with a cocktail while we are waiting. Would you tell the hostess to please come and let us know when our table is ready?

A: I will let her know where you are.

B: The patio tables look really nice. Could we be seated there, please?

A: I could seat you right away at an outside table if you would like.

B: Thanks! We'll sit out there then. We will just order our drinks out there.

A: Can I start you off with some cocktails while you are looking over the menu?

B: Yes, why don't you bring us a bottle of the house Chablis with four glasses to start with?

A: I'll get on that right away!

B: We appreciate your help.


3
 Repeat

A: Thank you for joining us this evening at Chez Attitude.

B: I am Mr. Foster, and we have a 7:00 dinner reservation tonight for four people.

A: Welcome, Mr. Foster, if you would have a seat in the lounge area, our hostess will be ready to seat you in just a moment.

B: We are going to have a drink while we are waiting. Please let the hostess know that she can find us there.

A: She will come and let you know when your table is prepared.

B: Those patio tables are new, aren't they? Would it be possible to be seated out there?

A: An outside table is available right now if you would like to be seated immediately.

B: We would love to sit outside. Thanks for your help!

A: Here is your table, and now may I take your drink order while you are considering what to have for dinner?

B: Yes, could you please bring us a pitcher of margaritas and four glasses while we are figuring out our dinner order?

A: I'll put your drink order in and be right back to get your dinner order.

B: We'll be ready to order by the time you get back!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




2. Making a Reservation















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Shogun Restaurant.

B: Hi, I would like to make a dinner reservation.

A: Of course, what evening will you be joining us on?

B: We will need the reservation for Tuesday night.

A: What time would you like the reservation for?

B: We would prefer 7:00 or 7:30.

A: How many people will you need the reservation for?

B: There will be 4 of us.

A: Fine, I can seat you at 7:00 on Tuesday, if you would kindly give me your name.

B: Thank you. The last name is Foster.

A: See you at 7:00 this Tuesday, Mr. Foster.

B: Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.


2
 Repeat

A: This is Shogun Restaurant.

B: Hello, I need to make a dinner reservation.

A: Can you tell me what night you will be coming?

B: We will be coming to your restaurant on Tuesday night.

A: What time will you be dining with us?

B: Our first choice would be 7:00, or perhaps 7:30.

A: How many guests will be in your party?

B: Four of us will be coming.

A: Please just give me your name, and at 7:00 on Tuesday we will have a table for you!

B: Great! Our last name is Foster.

A: Thank you, Mr. Foster, see you this Tuesday at 7:00.

B: I look forward to having dinner at your restaurant. Thank you for your help.


3
 Repeat

A: Shogun Restaurant of Pasadena.

B: Hi, could you help me? I need to make a dinner reservation.

A: I can help you if you can just tell me what evening you like the reservation for.

B: Tuesday night is when we need the reservation for.

A: What time do you think that you would like to have dinner?

B: 7:00 would be best, or maybe 7:30.

A: How many diners will be in your group?

B: We need a reservation for four.

A: I have a table for four available at 7:00, if you would just give me your name.

B: My last name is Foster. Thank you for the reservation.

A: Mr. Foster, we will be expecting you this Tuesday at 7:00.

B: We will be there! Thanks for the help!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




1. Choosing a Good Restaurant















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Devi, have you thought about where would you like to go to dinner on Friday for your birthday?

B: I am not sure. I don't know that many restaurants around here.

A: You know, we could look online at the local Internet sites.

B: Good. Let's take a look!

A: What kind of food would you like for your birthday?

B: I enjoy Thai or Japanese the best.

A: This one, Shogun, looks good.

B: Oh yes, I've heard of that one. Everyone I've spoken with says that it is great!

A: Would you like to go there then?

B: I think that that would be a really good choice! Let's call and make a reservation.


2
 Repeat

A: Devi, do you have any preference for where you would like to go for dinner for your birthday?

B: I don't really know where I want to go. I am having trouble thinking of a particular restaurant.

A: There is a great restaurant directory here in the weekend section of the newspaper.

B: OK, we could look at that.

A: Do you have a particular type of food that you would like?

B: I really like Japanese or Thai food.

A: That Japanese restaurant, Shogun, got good reviews.

B: Oh yeah! I saw a review of that restaurant on television. The reviewer loved it!

A: Would that be a place that you might like to go to for your birthday?

B: That would work out great! Why don't we call and get a reservation?


3
 Repeat

A: Devi, do you have a favorite place that you would like to go to for your birthday dinner?

B: I am kind of at a loss right now to think of some place special. 

A: I've got a great guidebook here of local restaurants.

B: That would be a good place to look.

A: What is your favorite type of restaurant food?

B: I like a lot of things, but Thai or Japanese would be good.

A: Shogun looks pretty good!

B: Oh, I remember that restaurant. I went there years ago. I really enjoyed it!

A: Would that be a good choice for your birthday dinner then?

B: I would enjoy going there. Let's call ahead to make sure that we can get a table for that night.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




18. Buying Meat















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I would like to get some meat today.

B: What kind do you need?

A: I need about a pound of ground beef.

B: The ground beef is $2.48 a pound.

A: That sounds good.

B: What else would you like?

A: I also need three pounds of chicken breasts.

B: The chicken breasts are $4.05 a pound.

A: How much will the three pounds of chicken cost altogether?

B: Altogether, it's going to be $12.15.

A: That will be all for me.

B: All right, let me get your meat for you.


2
 Repeat

A: I want to buy some meat.

B: What kind would you like?

A: I want one pound of ground beef.

B: That's going to be about $2.48.

A: That will be fine.

B: What else can I get for you?

A: Let me also have three pounds of chicken breasts.

B: That's going to be $4.05 a pound.

A: Can you tell me the total cost of the chicken breasts?

B: That will be $12.15.

A: That's all I'm going to get today.

B: That's fine. Let me get your meat.


3
 Repeat

A: I would like to purchase some meat.

B: What kind of meat would you like to get today?

A: First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.

B: A pound of ground beef is $2.48.

A: That's perfect.

B: What else will you be needing?

A: I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.

B: The chicken breasts cost $4.05 per pound.

A: What's the total price for the chicken?

B: It's going to be $12.15.

A: I think that will be all for me today.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




19. Comparing Foods from Different Stores















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Have you ever shopped at Whole Foods market?

B: Nope. How's the food there?

A: It's very good, and it's fresh too.

B: I do my shopping at Vons.

A: I shopped there before too, but the food is better at Whole Foods.

B: What's wrong with Vons?

A: Their range of organic foods is very limited.

B: Whole Foods has a lot of organic foods?

A: Yes, the food there is very healthy.

B: I've never been, but I may start shopping there.

A: The food there is a great step up from Vons.

B: Thanks for letting me know.


2
 Repeat

A: Have you ever done your shopping at Whole Foods market?

B: I haven't shopped there. How is the food?

A: The food there is wonderful.

B: I go to Vons for my groceries.

A: I prefer the food at Whole Foods.

B: Is there something wrong with Vons?

A: Vons doesn't offer a lot of organic foods.

B: Do they offer organic foods at Whole Foods?

A: Yes, that's the place to go to get healthier food.

B: Maybe I'll try that store out.

A: If you like Vons, then I'm sure you'll love Whole Foods.

B: You're making me a believer.


3
 Repeat

A: Have you ever been shopping at Whole Foods?

B: No, I haven't. Is the food good there?

A: They have the freshest foods there.

B: I usually shop at Vons.

A: I used to shop there, but I find the food at Whole Foods to be a lot better.

B: What's the problem with Vons?

A: They don't have a lot of organic foods there.

B: Is there a big selection of organic foods at Whole Foods?

A: They have lots of healthier food at Whole Foods.

B: I haven't been shopping there, but maybe I'll try it sometime.

A: Whole Foods is way better than Vons, trust me.

B: I'll take your word for it.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




20. Finding Foods in the Supermarket















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I can't seem to find the cereal aisle.

B: You'll find the cereal by the breakfast foods.

A: What breakfast foods?

B: They're over by the oatmeal and the breakfast bars.

A: I think I know what you're talking about.

B: Can I help you with anything else?

A: Could you tell me where the dishwashing detergent is?

B: You'll find that by the paper towels.

A: I didn't think of that.

B: That's where it'll be.

A: Thank you very much.

B: If you need anything else, please feel free to ask me.


2
 Repeat

A: Could you tell me where the cereal is?

B: If you go to the breakfast aisle, you'll find the cereal there.

A: What aisle is that?

B: You'll find it by the oatmeal and breakfast bars.

A: I know where that is at.

B: Is there anything else you need help finding?

A: Could you point me toward the dishwashing detergent?

B: That's over by the paper towels and toilet paper.

A: I didn't even think about that.

B: That's where it is.

A: Thank you so much for helping me.

B: Let me know if you need anything else.


3
 Repeat

A: I need to find the cereal aisle.

B: The cereal is over by the breakfast foods.

A: Where is that at?

B: It's by the oatmeal and breakfast bars.

A: I think I can find that.

B: Did you need help finding anything else?

A: Actually, I do need to find the dishwashing detergent.

B: That would be over by the paper towels and toilet paper.

A: I thought it was over there.

B: Yeah, you'll find it there.

A: I really appreciate all your help.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




21. How to Cook a Meal















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I was thinking about cooking dinner tonight.

B: What do you want to make?

A: I'm not exactly sure.

B: I wouldn't mind a beef bowl.

A: How do I make that?

B: All it has is rice and teriyaki beef.

A: That sounds easy, but how do I make it?

B: First, you need to make some white rice.

A: Then what do I do?

B: Then you need to shred some beef and marinate it with teriyaki sauce.

A: Is there anything else I need to do?

B: Then you cook it up and eat it.


2
 Repeat

A: I really want to make something for dinner.

B: What are you going to cook?

A: I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make.

B: A teriyaki bowl sounds nice.

A: I don't know how to make that.

B: All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef.

A: That sounds fairly simple, but how do I cook it?

B: The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice.

A: What's next?

B: Then you should shred your beef and pour some teriyaki marinade over it.

A: What's the next thing I need to do?

B: Then all you need to do is cook it and enjoy.


3
 Repeat

A: I want to make dinner tonight.

B: What are you thinking of making?

A: I don't have any idea what to cook.

B: How about making a teriyaki bowl?

A: Can you tell me how to make it?

B: All it consists of is teriyaki beef and rice.

A: But what do I have to do to prepare it?

B: All you have to do is cook some white rice.

A: What do I do after that?

B: Then cut up the beef and marinate it in teriyaki sauce.

A: What else do I have to do?

B: All that's left is to cook it.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




16. Where to Buy Food















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I really want to get something to eat.

B: What are you going to get?

A: I don't know what I want to eat.

B: Well, do you want burgers, Chinese food, or Mexican food?

A: Chinese food sounds good.

B: Where are you going to get it from?

A: I haven't the slightest idea.

B: I usually get my Chinese food from Panda Express.

A: You like Panda Express?

B: The food there is actually pretty good.

A: Maybe I'll go there then.

B: You should. I know you'll like it.


2
 Repeat

A: I think I'm going to go get some food.

B: What do you want?

A: I can't decide what to get.

B: What kind of food do you want to get?

A: I think I might like some Chinese food.

B: Do you know where you're going to get it?

A: I honestly don't know.

B: I go to Panda Express for my Chinese food.

A: You like the food there?

B: I really like the food.

A: I think I'll go and get my food there.

B: I think you'll enjoy the food.


3
 Repeat

A: I want to get a bite to eat.

B: What are you thinking of getting?

A: I have no idea what I want.

B: You can get a burger, or some Chinese food. Or maybe you can get some Mexican food.

A: I wouldn't mind getting some Chinese food.

B: Where are you going to get your Chinese food from?

A: I'm not sure.

B: When I want Chinese food, I go to Panda Express.

A: Do they do a good job on the food?

B: The food isn't bad there.

A: I think I will get my food from Panda Express.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




15. Ordering Food at the Cafeteria (2)















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What did you get for lunch today?

B: All I had was a sandwich, chips, and soda.

A: Where'd you get your food from?

B: I went to the cafeteria and bought it.

A: What sandwich did you order?

B: I ordered a ham sandwich, but they gave me a bologna sandwich instead.

A: Was it any good?

B: I enjoyed it, even though I had not asked for it.

A: I ordered a sandwich there before.

B: Is that right?

A: Yes, and they messed my order up too.

B: That may be true, but I'm sure you enjoyed your sandwich.


2
 Repeat

A: Did you get anything for lunch?

B: I ate a sandwich with some chips and soda.

A: Did you go somewhere and get your food?

B: I bought my food from the cafeteria today.

A: Tell me, what kind of sandwich did you decide to get?

B: They gave me a bologna sandwich, but I asked for ham.

A: How'd it taste?

B: I didn't want that sandwich, but it was quite tasty.

A: I got a sandwich at the cafeteria before.

B: Is that so?

A: Yes, and I believe they messed up on my order also.

B: That may be so, but I bet your sandwich was delicious.


3
 Repeat

A: What are you having for lunch?

B: I got a sandwich, some chips, and a soda.

A: Did you bring that from home?

B: I got it from the cafeteria.

A: What kind of sandwich did you get?

B: They messed up my order and gave me a bologna sandwich.

A: How was it?

B: Considering it wasn't what I ordered, it was still pretty good.

A: I think I got a sandwich there once before.

B: Really?

A: Yes, and they didn't get my order right either.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




14. Ordering Food at the Cafeteria (1)















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What can I get for you today?

B: Could I get a hamburger, please?

A: Would you like cheese on that?

B: No, thank you.

A: Would you like a drink?

B: Let me have a soda.

A: What kind of soda would you like?

B: May I have a Sprite, please?

A: Sure, no problem.

B: I would also like a bag of chips.

A: Will that be all?

B: That's everything.


2
 Repeat

A: What would you like today?

B: Let me get a hamburger.

A: Do you want cheese on it?

B: No cheese.

A: Can I get you something to drink?

B: Can I get a soda, please?

A: What kind do you want?

B: I'd like a Sprite.

A: Would you like anything else?

B: I'd like a bag of Doritos with that.

A: Is that all?

B: That'll be all.


3
 Repeat

A: What would you like to order?

B: I would like to have a hamburger.

A: Did you want it with cheese?

B: I don't want cheese on it.

A: Did you want anything to drink today?

B: I think I'm going to get a soda today.

A: What kind of soda can I get you?

B: A Sprite sounds good.

A: What else would you like?

B: Let me get a bag of chips too.

A: Anything else?

B: That's all. Thank you.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




13. Foods Available at the Cafeteria (2)















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I want to get a snack at the cafeteria.

B: What are you going to buy?

A: I may just get some chips.

B: I'm probably going to buy something too.

A: What do you want to get?

B: I want some sort of candy.

A: What kind do you want?

B: I want some chocolate.

A: What kind of chocolate?

B: I'm going to get a Snickers or a Kit Kat.

A: I don't think they sell Kit Kats.

B: I'll just get a Snickers then.


2
 Repeat

A: Let's go and get something from the cafeteria.

B: What are you going to get?

A: I think I just want some chips.

B: I want to get a snack too.

A: What are you getting?

B: I have a taste for candy.

A: What kind are you going to get?

B: Chocolate sounds good.

A: What kind are you going to get?

B: I'm thinking of getting either a Snickers or a Kit Kat.

A: They don't sell Kit Kats at the cafeteria.

B: I'm just going to buy a Snickers then.


3
 Repeat

A: I need a snack from the cafeteria.

B: What are you thinking of getting?

A: I only want some chips.

B: I think I may get something too.

A: What do you plan on buying?

B: I have a sweet tooth. I want candy.

A: What kind of candy do you want?

B: I really want some chocolate.

A: What kind of chocolate do you want?

B: I either want a Snickers or a Kit Kat.

A: The cafeteria doesn't sell Kit Kats.

B: Then I guess I'll just get a Snickers.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




12. Foods Available at the Cafeteria (1)















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I'm hungry.

B: So am I.

A: Where should we go eat today?

B: How about we go eat in the cafeteria?

A: I never bought food from the cafeteria.

B: You haven't? They have a lot of good stuff.

A: What do they have?

B: They sell everything.

A: I want Chinese food.

B: I've gotten chow mein from there before.

A: I guess we can eat there then.

B: Trust me, the food isn't half bad.


2
 Repeat

A: I am starving.

B: Let's go get something to eat.

A: Is there somewhere you wanted to go eat at?

B: We can always go to the cafeteria and eat.

A: I haven't eaten there before.

B: The food there is pretty good.

A: What kind of food do they serve?

B: You can get whatever you want at the cafeteria.

A: I have a taste for Chinese food.

B: They have really good chow mein.

A: Let's go to the cafeteria.

B: It'll be fine.


3
 Repeat

A: I am absolutely famished.

B: Yeah. I am too.

A: Where did you want to go for lunch?

B: I was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria.

A: I don't think I ever got food from the cafeteria.

B: I actually like the food there.

A: Does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food?

B: They have anything you want.

A: I was thinking about getting some Chinese food.

B: I bought some chow mein at the cafeteria. It tasted great.

A: We can eat at the cafeteria.

B: I think you'll really like the food there.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




11. Nutrition of Foods















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I really need to start eating healthier.

B: I have to start eating better too.

A: What kind of food do you usually eat?

B: I try my best to eat only fruits, vegetables, and chicken.

A: Is that really all that you eat?

B: That's basically it.

A: How do you stick to only those foods?

B: Actually, fruits and veggies are really good for you.

A: Yes, I know, but what about the chicken?

B: I mainly eat baked chicken, because there's not a lot of fat.

A: That does sound pretty good.

B: I know it does, and that's because it is.


2
 Repeat

A: I think I may try to eat a little better.

B: I changed my diet recently, and I eat a lot healthier now.

A: What do you eat?

B: My diet consists mainly of fruits, veggies, and chicken.

A: That's it?

B: Just about.

A: How is that the only thing that you'll eat?

B: You know that fruits and vegetables are very healthy foods?

A: So, what about the chicken?

B: I bake chicken because it's a healthy way to eat it.

A: That sounds delicious and nutritious.

B: You should try it. You won't be disappointed.


3
 Repeat

A: I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods.

B: I know what you mean. I've started eating better myself.

A: What foods do you eat now?

B: I tend to stick to fruits, vegetables, and chicken.

A: Those are the only things you eat?

B: That's basically what I eat.

A: Why aren't you eating anything else?

B: Well, fruits and vegetables are very healthy.

A: And the chicken?

B: It's really healthy to eat when you bake it.

A: I guess that does sound a lot healthier.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




10. Vegetables















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What do you plan on making as a side dish for dinner?

B: I was planning on making some kind of vegetable.

A: Do you know what kind?

B: What kind of vegetable do you want?

A: I wouldn't mind eating some corn.

B: How do you want it?

A: What do you mean?

B: I can boil it, grill it, or microwave it.

A: You should throw some corn on the grill.

B: Is that really what you want?

A: That sounds good.

B: I guess I can do that.


2
 Repeat

A: Are you going to make anything to go with dinner?

B: I may make a vegetable.

A: What vegetable are you going to make?

B: What kind do you like?

A: I like corn.

B: How would you like me to make it?

A: Excuse me?

B: How do you want your corn?

A: I'd like it grilled.

B: Are you sure that's how you want me to make it?

A: I'd love that. 

B: That's what I'll do.


3
 Repeat

A: What's the side dish that you're making for dinner?

B: I'm not sure. I was thinking of making a vegetable.

A: What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making?

B: Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat?

A: Why don't you make some corn?

B: How would you like the corn?

A: I don't understand what you mean.

B: Do you want it boiled, grilled, or microwaved?

A: Why don't you grill it?

B: That's how you want it?

A: Yes, that sounds delicious.

B: Okay, I'll grill some corn then.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




9. Snacks















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I'm hungry.

B: You already ate.

A: It wasn't enough, because I'm hungry again.

B: There's nothing left from dinner.

A: I'm going to get a snack.

B: What kind of snack are you going to make?

A: I don't know.

B: You can always make a sandwich.

A: I don't know what kind of sandwich I want.

B: Just make yourself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.

A: I may just do that.

B: Go right ahead.


2
 Repeat

A: I am starving.

B: Didn't you just eat?

A: I'm still hungry.

B: We ate everything from dinner.

A: I just need a snack.

B: What are you going to make?

A: I don't have the slightest clue.

B: Go make a sandwich.

A: I'm not sure what kind I want.

B: Why don't you make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich?

A: I think I will do that.

B: Maybe you should.


3
 Repeat

A: I need to eat something.

B: You just ate.

A: I know, but I'm hungry again.

B: There's no food left from dinner.

A: I think I'm going to go make myself a snack.

B: Do you know what kind of snack that you want?

A: I'm not exactly sure.

B: Why don't you make yourself a sandwich or something?

A: I have no idea what kind of sandwich I want to make.

B: A PB&J is pretty easy to make.

A: I'm going to do that.

B: Knock yourself out.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




8. Meat















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I need to get some beef.

B: Do you know what kind of beef you want?

A: I want to get some ground beef.

B: How many pounds do you need?

A: I would like four pounds of ground beef.

B: What kind of ground beef do you need?

A: I would like the extra lean.

B: Let me go and get that for you.

A: Thank you very much.

B: No problem.

A: I'll wrap it up for you now.

B: I appreciate that.


2
 Repeat

A: I would like to buy some beef.

B: What kind do you want?

A: I need to get ground beef.

B: How many pounds would you like me to get you?

A: I need about four pounds.

B: Exactly what type of ground beef do you want?

A: Extra lean.

B: I'll get that for you right now.

A: I appreciate that.

B: Don't mention it.

A: I'll just wrap this up for you.

B: Thanks for your help.


3
 Repeat

A: Could I get some beef?

B: What kind of beef would you like to get?

A: Ground beef would be fine.

B: How many pounds would you like?

A: Four pounds is enough.

B: What kind of ground beef do you want?

A: I'm going to need extra lean ground beef.

B: I can get that for you.

A: Thanks so much.

B: You're welcome.

A: Let me go wrap the ground beef up for you.

B: Thanks for everything.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




7. Desserts















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I want something sweet after dinner.

B: What do you have in mind?

A: A dessert sounds nice.

B: What kind are you thinking of getting?

A: I want to get some pie.

B: What kind of pie do you want?

A: I have no idea.

B: Do you want to know what kind of pie I like?

A: Sure, what kind do you like?

B: I love apple pie.

A: I love apple pie too.

B: There you go. Problem solved.


2
 Repeat

A: I have a sweet tooth.

B: What exactly do you want?

A: I would love to get some dessert.

B: What did you want to get?

A: I'd love to get a pie.

B: What kind do you want to get?

A: I'm not sure.

B: I can tell you what kind I like.

A: What kind do you like?

B: Apple pie is my favorite.

A: I love apple pie too.

B: See, I helped you out.


3
 Repeat

A: I have a taste for something sweet.

B: What are you thinking?

A: I want some kind of dessert.

B: Well, what kind of dessert do you want?

A: I was thinking about ordering some kind of pie.

B: Do you know what kind you want?

A: I honestly don't know.

B: Did you want to know my favorite kind of pie?

A: What's your favorite kind?

B: My absolutely favorite kind of pie is apple.

A: That sounds really good to me right now.

B: I'm happy to help.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




6. Salads















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I really feel like eating a salad.

B: What kind are you going to make?

A: I'm really not sure.

B: I really like Caesar salads.

A: Caesar salads are pretty good.

B: What kind of salad do you want to make?

A: I want a salad with some chicken.

B: I love chicken salads.

A: I like my salads to have croutons, almonds, and shredded cheese.

B: That sounds really tasty.

A: You should make a salad like that.

B: I think that I will.


2
 Repeat

A: I feel like I'm craving a salad.

B: What kind do you want?

A: I have no idea.

B: Caesar salads are good.

A: I like those too.

B: What kind do you plan on making?

A: I'd really like a salad with chicken.

B: Chicken salads are really good.

A: I always make my salads with shredded cheese, croutons, and almonds.

B: That sounds like a great salad.

A: Why don't you put it in your salad?

B: That sounds like a plan to me.


3
 Repeat

A: I really want to make a salad.

B: Do you know what kind of salad that you want?

A: I'm not sure what kind that I want.

B: I usually make a Caesar salad.

A: Those taste really good.

B: Which kind of salad are you going to make?

A: I want a chicken salad.

B: I enjoy chicken salads.

A: I like salads with croutons, almonds, and shredded cheese.

B: I really like how that sounds.

A: Why don't you make a salad like that?

B: I'm going to do that then.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




5. Fruit















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What are you going to eat with your sandwich?

B: I think I'm going to eat a piece of fruit.

A: What kind do you like?

B: I really like apples and grapes.

A: What kind of apples do you like to eat?

B: I love green apples.

A: I don't like green apples.

B: Really? Why not?

A: Green apples are too sour for me.

B: So, you like red apples better?

A: Yes, I love red apples.

B: I think green apples are a lot better.


2
 Repeat

A: What are you going to have along with your sandwich?

B: I may have a piece of fruit.

A: What's your favorite kind of fruit?

B: I really only eat apples and grapes.

A: What is your favorite kind of apples?

B: Green apples are the best!

A: Green apples don't taste good to me.

B: Why is that?

A: They are way too sour for my taste.

B: You only like red apples?

A: Red apples are great.

B: They're not as good as green apples.


3
 Repeat

A: Are you going to eat anything with your sandwich?

B: I may get some fruit.

A: Really, what kind of fruit do you like?

B: I tend to only eat grapes and apples.

A: What kind of apples do you prefer?

B: I've always liked green apples.

A: I don't really like green apples that much.

B: Why do you say that?

A: I think they are too sour.

B: You'd rather eat a red apple?

A: Don't you like red apples?

B: They're okay, I guess.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




4. Drinks















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I'm so thirsty.

B: Let's go get something to drink.

A: That's a good idea.

B: Do you know what you want to drink?

A: I kind of want a soda.

B: You shouldn't drink soda when you're really thirsty.

A: What do you mean?

B: When you're thirsty, you're not supposed to drink soda.

A: What are you supposed to drink?

B: Water is what's best for you.

A: I guess I will get water.

B: It's better for you.


2
 Repeat

A: I am really thirsty.

B: How about we go and get something to drink?

A: Let's do that.

B: Do you know what you want to get?

A: A soda sounds good.

B: Soda isn't the best thing to drink when you're thirsty.

A: Why is that?

B: Soda isn't good for you.

A: What should I drink then?

B: You should really drink water.

A: That sounds good.

B: It's a lot better than soda.


3
 Repeat

A: My throat is really dry.

B: Do you want to go get something to drink?

A: Yes, I'm parched.

B: What did you want to drink?

A: I was thinking about getting a soda.

B: Do you know that soda doesn't quench your thirst?

A: Why not?

B: Soda is really bad for you.

A: I don't know what else to drink.

B: You're supposed to drink water when you're dehydrated.

A: I would like some water.

B: That's what will keep you from being thirsty.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




3. Dinner















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What's for dinner tonight?

B: What are you planning on cooking?

A: I'm not making anything.

B: If you plan on eating, you are.

A: What am I supposed to cook?

B: What do you feel like having?

A: I want some chicken and potatoes.

B: That sounds really good.

A: When are you going to make it?

B: I have no plans on cooking tonight.

A: Fine, I'll make it.

B: I knew that already.


2
 Repeat

A: What are we going to eat for dinner?

B: Are you going to cook anything?

A: I didn't plan on cooking tonight.

B: If you're hungry, then cook something.

A: I don't know what to make.

B: Tell me what you want to eat.

A: I've been craving chicken and potatoes.

B: I'd like that.

A: Are you going to cook it tonight?

B: I'm really not going to cook tonight.

A: I guess I'll cook.

B: Why don't you start cooking then?


3
 Repeat

A: Are we going to have dinner tonight?

B: What are you planning on making?

A: I'm not cooking dinner.

B: The only way you're eating tonight is if you cook.

A: I'm not sure what to cook for dinner.

B: I don't know. What do you want to eat?

A: I have a taste for some chicken and potatoes.

B: That sounds delicious.

A: So are you planning on cooking it?

B: I already told you that I'm not cooking tonight.

A: I'll cook dinner.

B: I already know. Start cooking.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




2. Lunch















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What's for lunch?

B: I don't know. What do you want to eat?

A: I was thinking of pizza.

B: That's what I ate yesterday.

A: What do you want to eat?

B: I wouldn't mind a burger.

A: I ate a burger just the other day.

B: We're going to have to compromise.

A: You could always get a burger, and I can get a pizza.

B: Sounds good to me.

A: Where can we go to get both?

B: We can get both at the cafeteria.


2
 Repeat

A: What are we eating for lunch?

B: I have no idea. What about you?

A: I kind of want pizza.

B: I ate pizza the other day.

A: So, what do you feel like eating then?

B: How about some burgers?

A: I already had a burger yesterday.

B: What are we going to do?

A: We can just each get what we want to get.

B: That sounds like a plan.

A: Do you know a place that sells pizza and burgers?

B: I think they sell both at the cafeteria.


3
 Repeat

A: Do you know what you want to eat for lunch?

B: What do you feel like having?

A: I want to get some pizza.

B: I had pizza for lunch yesterday.

A: Tell me what you want to eat.

B: Do you want to get a burger?

A: See, I had a burger for lunch yesterday.

B: Think of something.

A: How about I get pizza and you get a burger?

B: Let's do that then.

A: Where do they sell both at?

B: They sell pizza and burgers at the cafeteria.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




1. Breakfast















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What do you feel like eating this morning?

B: I usually just have a bowl of cereal.

A: The most important meal of the day is breakfast.

B: Yeah, but I don't usually have time to eat a big breakfast.

A: You can always make an easy breakfast.

B: What do you make?

A: All I make is oatmeal, toast, and some orange juice.

B: That sounds pretty good.

A: I like it, and it's a fast meal.

B: That is a very quick meal to make.

A: I can make it for you if you like.

B: Oatmeal and toast sounds good to me.


2
 Repeat

A: What are you going to have for breakfast?

B: I just have some cereal each morning.

A: You're supposed to always have a hearty breakfast.

B: I don't always have time to make breakfast.

A: It's easy to make a quick breakfast.

B: What do you have for breakfast?

A: When I need to make a quick breakfast, I just make some oatmeal, toast, and OJ.

B: That's a good idea.

A: It's not time consuming at all.

B: It doesn't take much time to make?

A: Would you like me to make something?

B: Why don't you make me some oatmeal and toast?


3
 Repeat

A: What do you want to eat for breakfast?

B: All I usually have is some cereal for breakfast.

A: You know that breakfast is the most important meal of the day?

B: I sometimes run late in the morning, and can't make breakfast.

A: That's not a good excuse.

B: Tell me what you eat in the morning.

A: I just eat some oatmeal, toast, and orange juice.

B: That sounds like a great breakfast.

A: It's good, and it's easy to make.

B: That sounds like a very quick meal.

A: So, are you still going to have cereal?

B: I think I'm going to make myself some oatmeal and toast.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




17. Making a Shopping List















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I think I'm going to go to the market today.

B: Do we need food?

A: Yes, I think so.

B: What are you going to get?

A: I'm not sure what we need.

B: Maybe you should go and look in the refrigerator.

A: Could you do it for me, and write out a list of things that we need?

B: Just get the basics.

A: Like what?

B: You know. Get some eggs, milk, and bread.

A: Just go and make a list for me, please.

B: Fine, I'll go do that for you.


2
 Repeat

A: I may go grocery shopping later.

B: We need to get food?

A: I don't think we have any food.

B: What are you going to buy?

A: What food are we out of?

B: Go and look in the kitchen.

A: Could you look for me?

B: You should just get the basics.

A: What would that be?

B: Get some eggs, milk, and bread.

A: Would you please make a list for me?

B: Okay, I'll write it down for you.


3
 Repeat

A: I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit.

B: Why, do we need groceries?

A: I believe we are all out of food.

B: Do you know what to get?

A: I don't know what we need.

B: Why don't you go and check the refrigerator?

A: I would appreciate it if you would do that for me.

B: Why don't you just get the basics?

A: What do you mean?

B: Eggs, milk, bread. Things like that.

A: Go make that list.

B: Sure, no problem.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




12. Trying on a New Outfit















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I want to go try on these clothes.

B: What did you find?

A: I found some jeans, and a new blouse.

B: Go and try it on.

A: What do you think?

B: I love that shirt on you.

A: What about the jeans?

B: They don't really fit you right.

A: I don't think so either.

B: That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you.

A: I'll just buy the shirt.

B: That would be a good idea.


2
 Repeat

A: I need to try these clothes on.

B: What are you going to try on?

A: I just found some jeans and a top.

B: Try it on.

A: How do I look in this?

B: That shirt looks great.

A: How do these jeans look?

B: They don't look nice on you.

A: I don't like them either.

B: I just like that shirt.

A: I'm just going to buy the shirt.

B: Good, because those pants are ugly.


3
 Repeat

A: I'm going to go try these on in the dressing room.

B: What clothes did you find?

A: I'm just trying on a pair of jeans and a shirt.

B: Go try them on.

A: Alright, how do I look?

B: You look great in that shirt.

A: What do you think of these jeans?

B: I don't like how those look.

A: I really don't think they look good.

B: That shirt looks great though.

A: I guess I'm just going to buy the shirt.

B: That would be wise.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




11. Shopping for New Clothes















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What are you doing here?

B: I'm just shopping.

A: What are you shopping for?

B: Some new clothes. How about you? 

A: Same here.

B: Have you found anything nice yet?

A: I found a few pairs of pants.

B: Where'd you get those?

A: I found them at JCPennies.

B: Those are really cute.

A: Do you want me to show you where I found them?

B: I would like that. Thank you.


2
 Repeat

A: What are you doing here today?

B: I felt like doing some shopping.

A: What are you going to buy?

B: I need some new clothes. What about you?

A: I'm trying tofind some clothes myself.

B: Have you found anything that you like?

A: I got a new pair of pants.

B: Those are cute. Where'd you get them.

A: I bought them at JCPennies.

B: I really like those.

A: I'll show you where to get them at.

B: That would be great.


3
 Repeat

A: Funny seeing you here.

B: I'm doing a little bit of shopping.

A: What are you looking for?

B: I'm looking for new clothes. How about you?

A: I'm shopping for clothes too.

B: What have you bought so far?

A: I got these new pants.

B: Where'd you find those at?

A: I got them at JCPennies.

B: Those are beautiful.

A: I can show you where to find them, if you'd like.

B: Sure. Thanks a lot.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




9. Returning a Defective Item















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: How may I help you?

B: I would like to return an item.

A: What are you returning?

B: I want to return this cellphone.

A: Is there a problem?

B: It's broken.

A: What exactly is wrong with it?

B: The phone turns off by itself.

A: That's fine, but do you have your receipt with you?

B: Yes, here it is.

A: I'll refund your money right now.

B: Thank you so much.


2
 Repeat

A: How can I help you today?

B: I am returning something that I bought yesterday.

A: What would you like to return?

B: I'm returning a cellphone.

A: Was there something wrong with it?

B: It's defective.

A: What isn't working on it?

B: It keeps turning off on its own.

A: Alright, do you have the receipt?

B: I have it right here.

A: I'm going to take care of this and refund your money.

B: Thanks for your help.


3
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you?

B: I need to return something.

A: What do you need to return?

B: I need to return this cellphone that I just bought.

A: What is wrong with it?

B: It isn't working properly.

A: What is the problem with it?

B: For some reason the phone cuts off by itself.

A: I see, and do you have your receipt?

B: Here you go.

A: I'll take care of this right now.

B: I appreciate your help.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




7. Negotiating a Price















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I am really interested in buying this television.

B: That's great!

A: How much are you selling it for?

B: This t.v is $2500.

A: You can't be serious.

B: That's how much this t.v costs.

A: That's too expensive for me.

B: This television is of very high quality.

A: You can't go down on the price.

B: By how much?

A: I'll buy it for $2000.

B: I'm sorry, but the price is final.


2
 Repeat

A: I would love to buy this TV.

B: Fantastic!

A: What's the price for it?

B: This television is on sale for $2500.

A: Seriously?

B: That's the price.

A: That's way too much money.

B: That is actually very enexpensive for this television. 

A: Could you lower the price some?

B: How much are you talking?

A: $2000 is as high as I'll go.

B: I'm very sorry, but $2500 is the final price.


3
 Repeat

A: I want to purchase this television.

B: I'm glad to hear that.

A: How much does it cost?

B: I'm selling it for $2500.

A: That can't be right.

B: That's the going price for that particular TV.

A: I can't afford that.

B: This is a very high quality television.

A: I would buy it if the price was lowered.

B: How much lower?

A: How about you sell it to me for $2000?

B: $2500 is a low as I'll go.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




6. Making a Shopping List















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I'm planning on going to the market soon.

B: What are you buying?

A: I don't know what we need.

B: I can check for you, if you'd like.

A: I'll make a list.

B: First, we need eggs, milk, and bread.

A: Do we need any meat?

B: How about some chicken, ground beef, and some steak.

A: What else do we need?

B: Get some snack foods.

A: Is there anything else that we need?

B: No, but if you can think of anything else, just get it.


2
 Repeat

A: I need to go to the market.

B: Do you know what to get?

A: I'm not sure what to get.

B: I'll go check for you.

A: Tell me what we need and I'll write a list.

B: We need the basics. Like, eggs, milk, and bread.

A: What kind of meat do we need?

B: You should buy some steak, some chicken, and ground beef.

A: Do we need anything else?

B: Why don't you get some snacks?

A: Can you think of anything else?

B: Get whatever else that you need.


3
 Repeat

A: I'm going to the market in a little bit.

B: What are you going to get?

A: Do you know what we need to get?

B: Would you like me to check?

A: Alright, and I'll write everything down.

B: You need to buy bread, eggs, and milk.

A: Should I get some meat?

B: Yes. Get some chicken, ground beef, and steak.

A: What else?

B: We can also use some snacks.

A: You can't think of anything else?

B: You can get whatever else you want.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




5. Getting Things Fixed















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What can I help you with today?

B: My washing machine isn't working.

A: What's the problem?

B: The water will not drain.

A: Is there anything else wrong with it?

B: No, that's it.

A: I can come down and fix that for you if you'd like.

B: When will you be able to fix it?

A: How does this afternoon at 2:30 sound to you?

B: That would be perfect.

A: Alright, so I'll see you then?

B: See you then.


2
 Repeat

A: How may I help you?

B: Something is wrong with my washing machine.

A: Tell me the problem.

B: For some reason, the water won't drain.

A: That's the only problem with it?

B: That's the only problem.

A: Would you like me to come fix it for you?

B: Yes. When can you come fix it?

A: I can be there by 2:30 today.

B: That would be great.

A: I'll see you at 2:30.

B: See you later. Thanks a lot.


3
 Repeat

A: Did you need help with something?

B: I'm having a problem with my washing machine.

A: What is wrong with it?

B: The water isn't draining from it.

A: Is that the only problem?

B: Everything else is working fine.

A: I'm available if you'd like me to come fix it.

B: When exactly are you free?

A: I can come at about 2:30, this afternoon.

B: Sounds good to me.

A: I'll see you this afternoon.

B: Yes. Thank you.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




4. Shopping Budget















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What are you working on?

B: I'm figuring out my budget.

A: What budget?

B: I'm making a shopping budget, so that I don't spend too much money.

A: How much money can you spend?

B: I can only spend $300 a month.

A: Why only $300?

B: I need to save the rest.

A: For what?

B: I need to pay my bills.

A: Your budget is a good idea.

B: I know. It's going to save me a lot of money, I hope.


2
 Repeat

A: What are you trying to do?

B: I'm working on a budget.

A: What kind of budget?

B: I need to budget my shopping so that I don't spend all my money.

A: What's your budget?

B: I can spend about $300 per month.

A: Why so little?

B: The rest of my money needs to be saved.

A: What do you need to save up for?

B: I still need to pay my bills.

A: You're wise for saving your money.

B: I think it's just common sense.


3
 Repeat

A: What are you doing?

B: I'm trying to figure out my budget.

A: What do you need a budget for?

B: I need to put a limit on my spending.

A: What's your spending limit?

B: I'm only allowed to spend $300 each month.

A: That's not much.

B: Because, I need to save the rest of my money.

A: What are you saving for?

B: I have bills to pay for too.

A: It's good that you are being smart with your money.

B: It's about time that I started being smart.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




3. Calling to Reschedule a Time















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What are you calling about today?

B: I scheduled a delivery for tomorrow.

A: Is there a problem?

B: I would like to reschedule.

A: That shouldn't be a problem.

B: Can I have it delivered the day after tomorrow?

A: So, you want it delivered the day after tomorrow?

B: Yes, will that be possible?

A: What time would you like us to deliver it?

B: Is 2:30 okay?

A: Your delivery has been confirmed.

B: Thank you, and I'm sorry for the change of plans.


2
 Repeat

A: How may I help you?

B: I was going to have a mattress delivered to my house.

A: What's the problem?

B: I need to have it delivered another day.

A: That won't be a problem.

B: I need to have it delivered two days from today.

A: You want it delivered in two days?

B: Is that okay?

A: What time do you want it delivered?

B: I would like it delivered at 2:30.

A: I have changed your delivery to that day and time.

B: Thank you for your help.


3
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you?

B: I was supposed to have my mattress delivered tomorrow.

A: Is something wrong?

B: I need to reschedule the delivery.

A: I can help you with that.

B: I won't be home tomorrow, so I need it done the next day.

A: In two days?

B: Yes, that's when I need it done.

A: At what time?

B: I need it at about 2:30.

A: Alright, you're all set with your delivery.

B: That's great! I appreciate your help.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




2. Buying a Refrigerator















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Can I help you find something?

B: I would like to buy a new fridge.

A: Is there one in particular that you like?

B: I was looking at this Kenmore refrigerator.

A: Ah yes, that is a great refrigerator.

B: What's so great about it?

A: It's both affordable and it comes with all the appliances.

B: What appliances?

A: It comes with an ice maker, water dispenser, and there is a lot of room inside.

B: May I see the inside for myself?

A: Be my guest.

B: Wow! You're right! This refrigerator is great. I'll take it.


2
 Repeat

A: Do you need help with something?

B: I need help finding a new refrigerator.

A: Do you see anything that you like?

B: That Kenmore looks nice.

A: That is a wonderful choice.

B: What makes is so great?

A: It's very inexpensive, and it has all the appliances.

B: What appliances are you talking about?

A: The fridge and freezer is very spacious, and it also has an ice maker and water dispenser.

B: May I take a look inside?

A: Take a look inside.

B: It's very nice. I'd like to purchase this refrigerator.


3
 Repeat

A: What can I do for you today?

B: I need to buy a new refrigerator today.

A: Were you looking at a particular refrigerator?

B: I like that Kenmore refrigerator.

A: This particular refrigerator is a very good choice.

B: Tell me about it.

A: Not only is it affordable, but it comes with all the appliances.

B: What are the appliances.

A: It has an ice maker, water dispenser, and plenty of room on the inside.

B: I'd like to see it for myself.

A: Go right ahead.

B: I like what I see.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




15. Buying Flowers















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I need some flowers for my wife. It's her birthday.

B: Very well. We have some fresh red roses.

A: How much are the roses?

B: $20 per dozen.

A: That sounds like a good deal.

B: Yes, they're on sale today.

A: I'll take a dozen.

B: Splendid. Will there be anything else?

A: No, the roses will be fine.

B: I'm sure your wife will love them.


2
 Repeat

A: My wife's birthday is today. I need some flowers.

B: We have lots of fresh red roses.

A: How much do the roses cost?

B: $20 a dozen.

A: That sounds good. Last year I paid $30.

B: Yes, you came here on the right day. They're on sale today.

A: Give me a dozen.

B: Very good. Would you like anything else?

A: No, I'll just give her the roses and a card.

B: She should be very pleased with these roses.


3
 Repeat

A: I need to buy some flowers for my wife.

B: Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses.

A: What would the roses cost me?

B: They're only $20 a dozen.

A: I like the sound of that.

B: Yes, that is today's sale price.

A: A dozen will be fine.

B: Is there anything else you'd like to get?

A: No, thank you.

B: These roses should make your wife very happy.


4
 Repeat

A: I want to buy some flowers for my wife's birthday.

B: Red roses are always a popular gift for birthdays.

A: What are the roses going for?

B: They're only $20 a dozen.

A: That sounds nice and cheap.

B: Yes, you're saving money because they're on sale today.

A: Give me the roses.

B: Could I interest you in anything else?

A: No, but thanks anyway.

B: Your wife will be thrilled with the roses.


5
 Repeat

A: It's my wife's birthday. I need to buy some flowers for her.

B: Most women love red roses for their birthday.

A: How much will the roses be?

B: You can get a dozen for only $20.

A: Now, that's a price that I like.

B: You're in luck today because the roses are on sale.

A: I'll take the roses.

B: Very good. Perhaps you'd like something else to go with the roses?

A: No, the roses are good enough.

B: Women love roses, so your wife will be very happy.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




16. Going to an Antique Shop















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I want to find an old music box.

B: We have a great selection. What decade are you looking for?

A: Do you have anything made in the 1920s?

B: We have six.

A: Do any of them have dancing figures?

B: Actually, two of them have dancing figures.

A: That's fantastic. I think I like this one.

B: A good choice. I prefer that one myself.

A: Is there any warranty with this?

B: Oh, no, I'm afraid not. These things are just too old to guarantee anything.

A: I understand.

B: Even if they break down, they're still works of art.


2
 Repeat

A: Excuse me. I'm looking for an old music box.

B: Any particular decade?

A: Something made in the 20s would be nice.

B: We had seven, but we sold one this morning.

A: Are dancing figures a part of any of the boxes?

B: You're in luck. Two of them have dancing figures.

A: These are great. I think I'll take this one.

B: Yes, that one is very nice.

A: Does this come with a warranty?

B: I'm sorry, but you just have to take your chances.

A: That doesn't surprise me.

B: Even if it doesn't work, it's a beautiful collectible.


3
 Repeat

A: Pardon me. I need an old music box.

B: Exactly how old a box do you want?

A: Actually, I was thinking about something from the 1920s.

B: We still have six left.

A: Do any of the boxes have dancing figures?

B: Dancing figures are quite popular. Two of the boxes have them.

A: I love the dancing figures. I'll take this music box.

B: Yes, I think you'll be very satisfied with that one.

A: I was wondering, does this come with any kind of warranty?

B: No. But if something goes wrong with it, I know someone who repairs these things.

A: I was just hoping.

B: It's amazing that these things still work as well as they do.


4
 Repeat

A: I want to purchase an old music box.

B: We have a good variety. What decade would you like?

A: I was hoping I could find something made in the 20s.

B: There are six on this table.

A: I hope at least one of them has dancing figures.

B: Many people like the dancing figures. Two of our boxes have the figures.

A: It's so hard to choose. I think I'll take this one.

B: That one will bring you many hours of pleasure.

A: Does a warranty come with this music box?

B: I'm sorry, but if it breaks down, you're on your own.

A: I just thought I would ask.

B: When you buy a Model T, you can't expect a warranty.


5
 Repeat

A: I'm searching for an old music box.

B: You came to the right place. Any particular decade?

A: If you had a box made in the 20s, that would be nice.

B: We just got one in yesterday, so now we have six.

A: Would any of them have dancing figures?

B: Yes, we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures.

A: They're both so beautiful. Let me have this one, I think.

B: That one truly is a beautiful piece of work, isn't it?

A: One last question: Do you provide a warranty with the box?

B: Oh, no. Everything we sell here is ‘as is.'

A: I guess I was asking for too much.

B: If it breaks down, maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




17. Buying a Pan















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I am looking for a pan.

B: No problem. What size would you like?

A: A big one would be nice.

B: How about this one? It's our biggest—16" in diameter.

A: I like that one, but it's too heavy.

B: Okay, try this one. It's made of aluminum.

A: This is much better. But it has an aluminum handle.

B: Here you go. Same pan, but with a state-of-the-art, heat-resistant plastic handle.

A: That's perfect. I'll take it.

B: Great. Will that be cash or charge?

A: Wait a minute. What about a lid for the pan?

B: I'm sorry. I forgot to show you the lid. It comes with the pan.


2
 Repeat

A: I need a pan.

B: Okay. Do you have a particular size in mind?

A: The bigger the better, I think.

B: Look at this one. It's our biggest pan.

A: That is big enough, but it's too heavy for me.

B: Okay, we have the same thing in aluminum.

A: This is nice and light. But it has an aluminum handle.

B: Try this one. Same aluminum pan, but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle.

A: This is very nice. I'll take this one.

B: That's a good choice. How do you want to pay for it?

A: Cash. Oh, I almost forgot. I need a lid, too.

B: I'm so sorry. A lid comes with the pan. Here it is.


3
 Repeat

A: I'd like to purchase a pan.

B: Is there any particular size that you want?

A: I cook a lot of big meals.

B: What do you think of this one? It's a 16" pan.

A: That's the right size, but it's so heavy.

B: Well, look at our aluminum pan. It's much lighter.

A: Yes, this is very light, but the handle is also aluminum.

B: No problem. Look at this one. Same pan, but with a lightweight wooden handle.

A: Great. This is exactly what I was looking for. I'll buy it.

B: I think you'll love this pan. Do you want to pay with cash?

A: Yes. Oh, wait a second, please. What about a lid?

B: I'm sorry. I forgot to show it to you. Here it is. It comes with the pan.


4
 Repeat

A: Can you help me find a pan?

B: Are you looking for a small, medium, or large pan?

A: I want a big pan.

B: Does this one look big enough?

A: It's the right size, but it weighs too much.

B: Well, what do you think of the aluminum pan?

A: It's light enough, but the handle will get too hot after cooking.

B: Here's the same pan, but it has a space-age, heat-resistant plastic handle.

A: My family's going to love this one. I'll take it.

B: I'm so happy that you found what you wanted. Do you want to use a credit card?

A: Sure. Wait, wait. Does a lid come with this pan?

B: Oh, I'm sorry. Here's the lid. Yes, it comes with the pan.


5
 Repeat

A: I'm looking for a pan I can use in my kitchen.

B: What size pan were you thinking of?

A: I've already got a small pan. I need a big one.

B: Well, this one might work for you.

A: No, that's way too heavy a pan for me.

B: Here, lift this aluminum pan. It's the same size.

A: Yes, it's very lightweight. But I don't want this aluminum handle.

B: Here's a similar aluminum pan. But it has a heat-resistant handle.

A: This feels very nice. It's perfect. I'll take it.

B: I knew we'd find the right pan sooner or later. How would you like to pay?

A: Cash. But first, I need a lid for this pan.

B: Oh, no problem. Here's the lid that comes with the pan.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




18. Grocery Shopping (1)















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Can you tell me where the produce is?

B: It's in aisle A.

A: Do you know what produce is on sale?

B: I don't know. Check the flyer or check with the produce person.


2
 Repeat

A: Where is the produce?

B: It's on the south wall of the store, in aisle A.

A: Is there any produce on sale?

B: I don't know. The produce person can tell you, though.


3
 Repeat

A: Where can I find the produce?

B: Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.

A: What sales do they have today?

B: I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.


4
 Repeat

A: Which aisle has the produce?

B: Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.

A: Are cherries on sale today?

B: I don't know, but I'm sure the produce person can tell you.


5
 Repeat

A: I'm looking for the produce section, please.

B: All of the produce is in aisle A.

A: Are bananas on sale today?

B: Here you go. Look in this flyer, or check with the produce person.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




19. Grocery Shopping (2)















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I'm looking for some fresh produce that's on sale.

B: Well, we just got in some mangoes.

A: Mangoes. What are they?

B: Well, it's a fruit with a big nut in it.

A: Can you eat the nut?

B: No, you peel off the skin and throw out the nut.

A: How much are they?

B: Well, the sale price is $1 each.

A: What does a mango taste like?

B: They're like a citrus fruit.

A: How do I know if it's ripe?

B: You can buy them hard. Wait a few days for them to develop a soft feel.

A: Where do they come from?

B: Most of them in this store are from Mexico.


2
 Repeat

A: Can you direct me to some fresh produce that's on sale?

B: Well, we've got some great mangoes on sale.

A: Mangoes? What are mangoes?

B: Well, it's a fruit with a big seed in it.

A: Can you eat the seed?

B: No. Peel the skin with a sharp knife, and throw out the seed.

A: How much are they?

B: Well, they're on sale today for only $1 each.

A: Can you describe their taste?

B: They usually taste sweet, but they remind me of an orange.

A: How can I tell if they're ripe?

B: You can buy them either ripe or unripe. Unripe ones are hard.

A: Where do they grow mangoes?

B: The ones that are on sale are from Central America.


3
 Repeat

A: Where is some fresh produce that's on sale?

B: Well, I think you'll like the mangoes.

A: I've never had a mango.

B: It's a fruit. It has a big stone in it.

A: Can you eat the stone?

B: No. You would break all your teeth on it.

A: How much are these mangoes?

B: The sale price today is $1 each.

A: Can you describe their taste?

B: They usually taste sweet, but they remind me of an orange.

A: How can I tell if they're ripe?

B: Don't cut into them until you can feel that they're soft on the outside.

A: What country produces them?

B: They come from tropical countries.


4
 Repeat

A: Can you tell me about some good deals on produce?

B: The mangoes are on sale today.

A: What exactly are mangoes?

B: They have yellowish red skin. It's a fruit with one big seed.

A: Is the seed edible?

B: Maybe if you were a parrot. I wouldn't recommend it.

A: How much does a mango cost?

B: Normally, they're $2 each. Today, they're only $1 each.

A: Maybe I won't like the taste.

B: It's hard to describe. They're sweet, but also sort of citrusy.

A: How do I tell the difference between a ripe one and an unripe one?

B: They're similar to an avocado. When the outside feels soft, they're ripe.

A: Where do most of them come from?

B: These are from Mexico.


5
 Repeat

A: I'm looking for some good deals on produce.

B: You might want to try the mangoes.

A: Can you describe a mango to me?

B: It's a fruit a little smaller than a grapefruit. It has a big seed in it.

A: Do I eat the seed?

B: Maybe some animals eat the seed, but humans don't. You'd have to soak it for 10 years.

A: What's the price of these mangoes?

B: Today you get a 50-percent discount. They're only $1 each.

A: Tell me what they taste like.

B: Their flesh is soft and juicy. It has a citrus taste. It's sweet.

A: Do I need to buy them ripe, or will they ripen at home?

B: Just press into it gently with your thumb. If it feels soft, it's ready to eat.

A: Where do mangoes come from?

B: These are from Guatemala, but we're going to start getting mangoes from India.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




21. Flea Markets















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Do you know where I can find old music boxes?

B: You could try shopping at a flea market.

A: What's that? I never heard of such a thing.

B: A flea market is an outdoor place where people sell all kinds of used stuff.

A: Where can I find one?

B: Well, you can check the local paper or search ‘flea market' online.


2
 Repeat

A: Where can I find old music boxes?

B: Have you tried a flea market?

A: What's a flea market?

B: A flea market is like an outdoor thrift shop.

A: That sounds promising. Is there one nearby?

B: Flea markets occur weekly or monthly in various neighborhoods. Check online or in a local paper.


3
 Repeat

A: Do you know where they sell old music boxes?

B: How about a flea market?

A: A flea market? What's that?

B: A flea market is a big outdoor place where you can buy all sorts of second-hand things.

A: I like the sound of that. Tell me where one is.

B: I myself don't know of any, but maybe they're listed in the Yellow Pages.


4
 Repeat

A: Do you have any idea where I can buy old music boxes?

B: You can find almost anything at a flea market.

A: What in the world is a flea market?

B: A flea market sells all kinds of used things, some that you've never even heard of.

A: Great. Is there one near here?

B: Actually, our local community college has one on the first Sunday of each month.


5
 Repeat

A: I'm looking for old music boxes, but I can't find any.

B: If you go to a flea market, you can find all kinds of things.

A: I don't want a music box that's full of fleas!

B: Ha! A flea market is a popular outdoor place for selling used things. There are no fleas.

A: That sounds like a good idea. Where is the nearest one?

B: Actually, there's a huge flea market at the stadium on the second Sunday of each month.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




14. Exchanging a Dress















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I would like to exchange this dress.

B: You can exchange this dress with anything of the same value.

A: Is there anything on sale today?

B: I'm sorry. There are no sales today.

A: Are dresses going to be on sale?

B: Everything's going to be on sale next weekend.

A: That's great. I'll wait. See you next weekend.

B: Okay. I'll see you then.


2
 Repeat

A: I want to exchange this dress.

B: You can exchange it with anything of the same price.

A: Are there any sales today?

B: We're having a big sale next weekend, but nothing today.

A: What's going to be on sale?

B: Dresses, skirts, blouses, pantsuits…everything will be on sale.

A: That sounds great. I'll come back next weekend.

B: Okay. Don't forget to bring your credit card.


3
 Repeat

A: This dress doesn't fit correctly.

B: No problem. Shop around until you find something you like.

A: What's on sale today?

B: If you can wait until next weekend, you can save some money.

A: Do you know what's going to be on sale?

B: You'll be happy to know that everything in the store will be on sale.

A: I won't miss that. I'll wait until next weekend.

B: Great. Bring lots of cash so you can buy lots of things.


4
 Repeat

A: I don't want to keep this dress.

B: Just leave the dress with me while you find one that you like.

A: Do you have anything on sale today?

B: Next weekend is our next sale date.

A: Do you have any idea what's going to be on sale?

B: Everything except the cash registers will be on sale.

A: That sounds good. I'll see you next weekend.

B: Okay. See you then.


5
 Repeat

A: I've brought this dress back to exchange it.

B: That's not a problem. Leave it with me, and find something that you like.

A: I was hoping you'd have something on sale today.

B: We have nothing on sale today. But we're having a big sale next weekend.

A: Is the sale going to include dresses?

B: Everything you can see will be on sale.

A: I like the sound of that. I'll just come back next weekend.

B: The savings will be worth the short wait. See you next weekend.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




13. Misleading Advertisement















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I'm glad these batteries are on sale.

B: I'm sorry. These batteries are not on sale.

A: But that's what the ad says.

B: I'm sorry. If you look at the ad again, you'll see that the other brand is on sale.

A: You're right. I misread the ad.

B: Yes, many people make that mistake.

A: You can't blame them. It's a confusing ad.

B: You're right. Many ads are like that.

A: As long as I'm here.

B: Just one second, and I'll get you the batteries that are on sale.


2
 Repeat

A: It's about time these batteries went on sale.

B: I'm sorry. These aren't on sale today.

A: You're kidding me. The ad says they're on sale.

B: Yes, the other brand of batteries is on sale.

A: I see. I've got the wrong brand.

B: Yes, it's an easy mistake to make.

A: The ad is written in a misleading way.

B: I agree. It seems like all ads are meant to confuse you.

A: It's not the first or last time.

B: Hold on, and I'll get you the batteries that are on sale.


3
 Repeat

A: You don't often find these batteries on sale.

B: I'm not sure that these batteries are on sale today.

A: But the ad says they're on sale.

B: Yes, batteries are on sale, but not this brand.

A: What do you know? I picked up the wrong brand.

B: Yes, several customers have made that mistake today.

A: Like many ads, it's deliberately confusing.

B: I couldn't agree more. They write ads just to get you into the store.

A: I should know better by now.

B: If you can wait one minute, I'll bring you the batteries that are on sale.


4
 Repeat

A: This is the first time I've seen these batteries on sale.

B: I'm sorry, but they aren't on sale today.

A: Look at the ad. The ad says they're on sale.

B: Yes, the ad says that the other brand of batteries is on sale.

A: Yes, I misread the ad.

B: Believe me, you're not the first person to make that mistake today.

A: No wonder people make a mistake. The price is in big letters, and the brand is in tiny letters.

B: You're right. You have to read an ad two or three times sometimes.

A: You have to be careful with every ad you read.

B: It's okay. I'll go get you the batteries that are on sale.


5
 Repeat

A: These batteries should be on sale more often.

B: I don't think these batteries are on sale.

A: Look at the ad. It says they're on sale.

B: You're right. Batteries are on sale, but not this brand of batteries.

A: I didn't pay attention to the brand name.

B: Several people have misread that ad already today.

A: People make the mistake because the ad is misleading.

B: I agree with you. Ads can be very tricky.

A: I don't know when I'll ever learn.

B: No problem. I'll bring you the batteries that are on sale. I'll be right back.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




12. The Sale Is Over















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Excuse me, but is this dress on sale?

B: The dress was on sale yesterday.

A: Are you sure? I'd be happy to pay the sale price today.

B: I'm so sorry, but rules are rules.

A: I'll just check out a few other stores.

B: I'm sorry I couldn't help you.


2
 Repeat

A: Pardon me. Is this dress on sale?

B: Actually, the sale ended yesterday.

A: You know, it's only one day later. How about giving me the sale price?

B: I'm sorry, but I can't change the price that's in the computer.

A: Let me think about it. Maybe I'll wait until the next sale.

B: Take a look around. Maybe you'll see something else you like.


3
 Repeat

A: Is this dress on sale?

B: It was on sale—yesterday.

A: Still, couldn't you sell it to me today at the sale price?

B: I'm sorry, but I'd lose my job if I sold it to you at yesterday's sale price.

A: I had my heart set on buying this dress.

B: Well, feel free to browse. We have other items on sale today.


4
 Repeat

A: Am I right in thinking that this dress is on sale?

B: I'm sorry. You're one day too late for the sale.

A: Couldn't you still sell it today at the sale price?

B: I'm sorry. One day can make a big difference sometimes.

A: No problem. Other stores are having sales. I'll check them out.

B: Before you go, let me show you some other dresses that are on sale.


5
 Repeat

A: Am I mistaken, or is this dress on sale?

B: I'm very sorry. The sale ended yesterday.

A: I really like this dress, but I want to pay the sale price.

B: If you like, I can put you on our mailing list for the next sale.

A: That's okay. Some days you win, some days you lose.

B: Let me ask my manager when he thinks this dress will be on sale again.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




9. Looking for a Perfect Gift (2)















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Can you help me pick out a gift for my niece?

B: Most normal little girls go wild over Barbie dolls.

A: That sounds good. Let me see one.

B: Here's the latest model—Digital Barbie.

A: She's nice. How much is she?

B: Why, she's only $29.95.

A: That's reasonable. I'll take it.

B: Excellent. Would you like anything else?

A: No, thank you.

B: The total will be $32.42. Will that be cash?

A: Cash will be fine.

B: Here's your change. Thank you for shopping with us.


2
 Repeat

A: I'm looking for a gift for my niece.

B: Well, little girls seem to love Barbie dolls.

A: That's perfect. I want to see one.

B: Here you are—she's called Digital Barbie.

A: I like Digital Barbie! How much does she cost?

B: This Barbie is only $29.95.

A: That's perfect. Let me have her.

B: Very good. Is there anything else you would like?

A: No, that'll do it for now.

B: Including tax, your total will be $32.42. Cash or charge?

A: Let me give you cash, please.

B: Here's your change and receipt. Thank you.


3
 Repeat

A: Do you have anything for a little girl?

B: Well, we have some new Barbie dolls.

A: That's a great idea. Show me the Barbie dolls.

B: Here's one—the new, beautiful Digital Barbie. This doll is hot!

A: How lovely! How much is she?

B: It's only $29.95.

A: No problem. Let me have one.

B: That's great. Anything else?

A: No, thank you. That's all I need at the moment.

B: The grand total is $32.42. How would you like to pay?

A: I'll give you cash.

B: Thank you so much for shopping here. Here's your change and receipt.


4
 Repeat

A: I want to get something nice for my niece.

B: Well, I've never heard of a little girl that didn't love Barbie dolls.

A: I like that suggestion. Show me one, please.

B: Here you go—Digital Barbie.

A: My niece will love her! How much for her?

B: Barbie is our best seller. She's only $29.95.

A: That's great. I'll take her.

B: Your niece will love this. Anything else?

A: Thank you, but no. This will do it for now.

B: With the tax, your total is $32.42. Would you like to charge it?

A: I'll pay cash, thank you.

B: Thank you for shopping here.


5
 Repeat

A: Can you help me find a nice gift for my young niece?

B: Barbie dolls are quite popular, you know.

A: You're right. Girls love Barbie. Show me a Barbie doll.

B: Take a look at the newest Barbie—Digital Barbie.

A: She's beautiful. What's the price for Digital Barbie?

B: Our regular price for Digital Barbie is $29.95 plus tax.

A: Only $29.95? I'll buy it, of course.

B: Another one sold. Do you see anything else you would like?

A: Thank you, but no. This will do it for now.

B: Tax brings your total to $32.42. How would you like to pay?

A: Cash, please.

B: Here's your change. Thank you.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




8. Looking for a Perfect Gift (1)















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Can you help me pick out a gift for my daughter?

B: She might like a laptop computer.

A: That sounds like a good idea.

B: Might I suggest a Mac?

A: How much?

B: Well, a 15-inch Pro is $2,100.

A: That sounds great. I'll take it.

B: Great. How would you like to pay for it?

A: Here's my VISA.

B: Let me ring you up. Okay, sign here, please.

A: Everything I need is in this box?

B: It'll take her only a few minutes to get online.

A: Thank you for your help.

B: So long. Thank you for shopping here.


2
 Repeat

A: I'm looking for a gift for my daughter.

B: How about a laptop?

A: Yes, she needs something to help her at school.

B: How about a Mac?

A: That sounds good. How much is one?

B: Our newest 15-inch Pro is only $2,100.

A: Only $2,100? Okay, let me have one.

B: That's great. Will that be cash, check, or credit card?

A: Let me dig my VISA out of my purse.

B: If you'll just sign here, please.

A: Do I need to buy anything else?

B: All she has to do is open the box and follow the instructions.

A: Thank you so much.

B: Thank you. If you have any problems, just call.


3
 Repeat

A: I need help finding a gift for my daughter.

B: Would she like a laptop?

A: That sounds like a good idea.

B: A Mac is a very popular brand.

A: She mentioned a Mac. How much is it?

B: A 15-inch Pro model is $2,100 plus tax.

A: That sounds like a great price. I'll take one.

B: This is a gift she'll cherish for years. How do you want to pay?

A: I'll use my VISA.

B: We're almost through. Just sign here, please.

A: Just take it home and plug it in?

B: She'll be online 20 minutes after she opens the box.

A: She's going to be so pleased with this.

B: Remember us for all your computer needs.


4
 Repeat

A: I wonder if you could help me find something for my daughter.

B: Do you think she'd like a laptop?

A: I think that would be perfect.

B: A Mac is something most people appreciate.

A: In fact, she prefers Macs. How much is one?

B: Our 15-inch Pro will cost you only $2,100.

A: She's going to be so happy. Let me have one.

B: You've made a good decision. How would you like to pay?

A: I'll pay for it with my VISA.

B: It's all yours after you sign here, please.

A: Are there any extras that she needs?

B: This is good to go. If she wants accessories, just visit us again.

A: You've been so helpful. Thank you.

B: Have a nice day, and thank you for shopping here.


5
 Repeat

A: I'd appreciate it if you could help me pick out a gift for my daughter.

B: Would she be interested in a laptop?

A: That's exactly what I was thinking of.

B: A Mac would be an excellent gift.

A: I like Macs. How much for a Mac?

B: You can take a 15-inch Pro home right now for only $2,100.

A: A Mac it is. I'll take one home with me.

B: She'll be very happy with this. And how do you plan to pay for it?

A: I'll use my VISA, if that's okay.

B: Now, if you'll just sign here, the Mac is all yours.

A: Will she need anything besides what's in this box?

B: Everything she needs is right here in the box.

A: I appreciate your help. Maybe I'll be back for more computer stuff.

B: Your daughter should get straight A's from now on. Good-bye.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




6. Exchanging a DVD Player















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: May I exchange this DVD player?

B: Certainly. Do you have your receipt?

A: Here you are.

B: Now, why do you want to exchange it?

A: It won't play a DVD.

B: I'm sorry. I'll get you a new player.

A: At first, I thought it was me.

B: Okay, here's a new one for you.


2
 Repeat

A: I'd like to exchange this DVD player.

B: Of course. Do you have your receipt?

A: Here it is.

B: Now, could you tell me why you want a different one?

A: It refuses to play my DVDs.

B: That's strange. Let me get you a new one.

A: All my friends tried to get it to work.

B: I hope this one works better for you.


3
 Repeat

A: I want to exchange this DVD player.

B: No problem. Do you have your receipt?

A: That's one thing I never forget.

B: Now, what seems to be the problem?

A: This DVD player won't play DVDs.

B: Well, at least you kept your receipt. One moment, please.

A: I spent almost an hour trying to make it work.

B: If this one doesn't work, just bring it back.


4
 Repeat

A: Can I exchange this DVD player?

B: Let me see your receipt, please.

A: I always keep my receipt.

B: Could you tell me what the problem is?

A: When I hit “Play,” nothing happens.

B: Yours is the first one that's been returned.

A: Nothing I tried would make it work.

B: You might want to try playing this one before you leave.


5
 Repeat

A: I need to exchange this DVD player, please.

B: That won't be a problem if you have your receipt.

A: Here you go.

B: Now, if you'll just tell me the problem, please.

A: It won't play my DVDs.

B: This is a good product. I wonder what went wrong.

A: I don't know. I trust this brand. This was a fluke, I think.

B: You're right, this is a good brand. This new one should work just fine.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




5. Returning a Radio (2)















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I'd like to return this radio.

B: Okay. Do you have your receipt?

A: I lost it.

B: I am sorry, but you need a receipt for a refund.

A: But I purchased it yesterday.

B: Perhaps you would like to talk to customer service.

A: That's a start, I guess.

B: They're right upstairs.

A: That sounds good. I'll take the escalator.

B: Good luck. I hope someone can help you.


2
 Repeat

A: I want to return this radio.

B: Okay. Do you have your receipt?

A: I'm sorry, but I lost it.

B: I'm sorry, but store policy requires a receipt.

A: But I bought it yesterday.

B: Maybe you can find the receipt if you look harder.

A: Can I talk to a supervisor?

B: May I suggest customer service, upstairs?

A: That sounds good. I'll take the elevator right now.

B: Good luck.


3
 Repeat

A: Can I return this radio, please?

B: Sure. Do you have your receipt?

A: I misplaced it somewhere.

B: Unfortunately, I cannot give you a refund without it.

A: But I bought it right here just yesterday.

B: I'm sorry, but there are no exceptions.

A: Someone must be able to help me.

B: Someone in customer service might be able to help you.

A: Yes, if anyone can help me, it's customer service.

B: Just take the escalator upstairs.


4
 Repeat

A: I don't want to keep this radio.

B: No problem. May I have your receipt, please?

A: Sorry. I could not find it.

B: We can't give you a refund without a receipt.

A: You know, I bought it at 3 p.m. yesterday.

B: I wish I could help you, but it's store policy.

A: Every rule has an exception.

B: Perhaps if you try customer service.

A: Yes, they might be able to help me.

B: They're upstairs. Good luck!


5
 Repeat

A: I'm returning this radio.

B: Certainly. Can I see your receipt, please?

A: I looked everywhere, but I couldn't find it anywhere.

B: I'm sorry, but you can't return the radio without your receipt.

A: Even though I just bought it yesterday?

B: Are you sure that you looked everywhere for the receipt?

A: I looked everywhere, twice!

B: Well, customer service is right upstairs. Maybe they can help.

A: Great! I'll take the escalator.

B: If they can't help you, nobody can.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




4. Returning a Radio (1)















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I'd like to return this radio.

B: All right. Do you have the receipt?

A: Here it is.

B: May I ask why you're returning the radio?

A: It does not work very well.

B: Would you like to exchange it?

A: No. I'd just like a refund.

B: Certainly. This will take only a few seconds.


2
 Repeat

A: I want to return this radio.

B: Okay. May I see your receipt?

A: Certainly. I have it right here.

B: What is the problem with the radio?

A: It has poor reception.

B: Perhaps you'd like a different one?

A: No, thank you. A refund is all I want.

B: Okay. Give me a few seconds, please.


3
 Repeat

A: I need to return this radio.

B: That won't be a problem, as long as you have your receipt.

A: Here you go.

B: What's the problem?

A: It doesn't pick up my favorite station.

B: I can exchange it for you.

A: Thanks, but I just want a refund.

B: A refund it will be. Do you have the original box?


4
 Repeat

A: I'm returning this radio.

B: No problem. You do have your receipt, don't you?

A: Here you are.

B: What seems to be the problem?

A: It doesn't have a headphone jack.

B: If you'd like, I can show you a different one.

A: No, thanks. A refund will be just fine.

B: No problem. This'll only take a minute.


5
 Repeat

A: I don't want to keep this radio.

B: No problem. Let me see your receipt, please.

A: Of course. I always keep my receipts.

B: Is there a problem with the radio?

A: Something is rattling around inside it.

B: Would you like a different model?

A: No. Just give me a refund, please.

B: Okay, a refund will be no problem.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




3. After Trying on the Sweater















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What do you think?

B: It looks great.

A: I would like to purchase it.

B: Will this be cash or charge?

A: Here, take my credit card.

B: Just sign here, please.

A: Sure. Here you go.

B: Here's your receipt. Have a nice day.


2
 Repeat

A: Does it look too big?

B: It looks like it was made just for you.

A: Yes, I like it. I'm going to get it.

B: How would you like to pay for it?

A: Here's my credit card.

B: Now, if you'll just sign here.

A: Yes. Here you are.

B: So long. Have a nice weekend.


3
 Repeat

A: Does it look too small?

B: It fits you to a T.

A: I agree. I'm going to buy it.

B: Cash or charge?

A: I'll charge it.

B: Sign here, please.

A: There you go.

B: Good-bye, and thank you for shopping here.


4
 Repeat

A: Does it look like a good fit?

B: It's definitely your size.

A: Yes, it is very nice. I'll take it.

B: How do you prefer to pay?

A: Let me use my credit card.

B: Now, if you'll just sign here.

A: No problem.

B: I hope you enjoy your purchase. Good-bye.


5
 Repeat

A: How does it look?

B: It's a perfect fit.

A: Let me pay for it now.

B: Cash, credit card, or debit card?

A: I think I'll use my credit card.

B: Your signature here, please, and we're finished.

A: Here's my John Hancock.

B: Bye-bye. Visit us again soon!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




2. Shopping for a Sweater















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Pardon me. Could you help me?

B: Of course. How can I help you?

A: I am looking for a sweater.

B: What size do you wear?

A: Medium, I think.

B: Here. How do you like this one?

A: It's pretty. Can I try it on?

B: You can try it on in the fitting room over there.


2
 Repeat

A: Excuse me. Can you help me?

B: Certainly. What can I do for you?

A: I need to purchase a sweater.

B: What is your size?

A: Medium should be fine.

B: Is this one okay?

A: Can I try it on somewhere?

B: The fitting room is in the left corner.


3
 Repeat



A: May I ask you a question?

B: Yes. How can I assist you?

A: I want to buy a sweater.

B: What size?

A: I think a medium should fit me.

B: How about this one?

A: The color's nice. Do you have a dressing room?

B: There's a fitting room right over there.


4
 Repeat



A: Do you have a second?

B: Sure. What do you need?

A: I'm here to buy a sweater.

B: What size do you wear?

A: I usually wear medium.

B: What do you think about this one?

A: It's nice. Where is your fitting room?

B: The dressing room is in that corner.


5
 Repeat

A: Excuse me. Could you help me with something?

B: I'll certainly try.

A: I'm looking for a nice sweater.

B: What size do you wear in a sweater?

A: Medium is my size for shirts and sweaters.

B: Here's a medium. What do you think?

A: I like it. Where can I try it on?

B: We have a large fitting room in that corner.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




1. Talking to Someone about a Sweater















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater?

B: Maybe you should look around for an outlet.

A: That is a wonderful idea.

B: Outlets have more reasonable prices.

A: Thank you for your help.

B: No problem. Good luck.


2
 Repeat

A: Where can I find a cheap cashmere sweater?

B: How about an outlet?

A: Great idea!

B: Outlets give good deals.

A: Thank you so much.

B: You're welcome.


3
 Repeat

A: Do you know anywhere that sells cheap cashmere sweaters?

B: Outlets have cheap cashmere sweaters.

A: What a splendid idea!

B: Outlets usually give you great deals.

A: Thanks for helping me.

B: You're welcome.


4
 Repeat

A: Do you know a place that sells cheap cashmere sweaters?

B: An outlet carries cheap cashmere sweaters.

A: That's a good idea!

B: I've always had good luck at outlets.

A: Thank you for the suggestion.

B: I hope you find a nice sweater.


5
 Repeat

A: I'm looking for a shop that sells inexpensive cashmere sweaters.

B: Have you tried an outlet?

A: Why didn't I think of that?

B: Many of my friends shop at outlets.

A: Thanks. That is a good suggestion.

B: I'm only too happy to help.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




22. Caring for Puppies















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: Did you feed the puppies today?

B: Yes, I have.

A: That's good! Just make sure to bathe them later.

B: No problem. I can do that for you.

A: Thank you! You know they have to go to the vet on Saturday?

B: I know. What time do they go?

A: Their appointment is at eleven o'clock in the morning.

B: Okay, I won't forget.


2
 Repeat 

A: Have you given the puppies food yet?

B: Of course. I fed them today.

A: Good job! Please give them a bath later on today.

B: Sure, I'll give them a bath.

A: Thanks. But don't forget that they have a vet appointment this Saturday.

B: I remember. What time do they need to be there?

A: They need to be there at eleven in the morning.

B: All right. I'll make sure and remember.


3
 Repeat 

A: Have you given the puppies anything to eat today?

B: I fed them earlier today.

A: Great! Could you please bathe them later?

B: Okay, I'll do that later.

A: Thank you! Remember that they go to the vet this Saturday.

B: I know. What time is their appointment?

A: We need to have them there at 11:00 AM.

B: I got it. I will remember.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




23. Cooking Dinner















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: What's for dinner tonight?

B: It's whatever you're planning on cooking.

A: You're not going to cook?

B: No, I always cook.

A: Yes, and I love your cooking.

B: Don't give me that. If you're hungry, then cook dinner.

A: You're being serious?

B: Look, I'm really tired tonight. I don't feel like cooking dinner.

A: I'll make dinner tonight.

B: Thank you. I'm going to bed.

A: Do you want me to wake you up when dinner is ready?

B: Yes, please.


2
 Repeat 

A: What are we going to eat for dinner?

B: Whatever meal that you plan on making.

A: I thought you were making dinner tonight.

B: I do all the cooking.

A: Your food tastes so much better than mine.

B: Save it. If you want something to eat, then make it yourself.

A: You really want me to cook tonight?

B: I had a long day today. I really am not in the mood to make anything.

A: No problem.

B: Thanks. I'm going to go take a nap.

A: Would you like me to come get you when the food is done?

B: Thank you.


3
 Repeat 

A: So, what's on the menu for dinner tonight?

B: You tell me.

A: You're not going to make anything to eat?

B: You never cook. I always do.

A: I think you're a better cook than I am.

B: Oh please, you need to cook tonight.

A: So you're telling me that you want me to make dinner?

B: It was a hard day. Can you just do this for me tonight?

A: I'll cook dinner, don't worry.

B: I'm going to go rest for a little bit.

A: I'll come wake you when it's ready, okay?

B: Thanks.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




24. Washing Clothes















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: Have you washed any clothes yet?

B: No, I've only washed my whites.

A: When you wash your dark clothes, can you put some of mine in?

B: Sure. Is there any extra care that I should take with your clothes?

A: Just make sure you keep it on the gentle cycle.

B: How many clothes of yours do you want me to wash?

A: There isn't a lot, why, do you have a large load to wash?

B: It's really only a small load.

A: Do you mind washing my clothes?

B: Not at all. It's no problem.

A: Thank you so much.

B: It's no trouble at all.


2
 Repeat 

A: Have you finished washing clothes?

B: I've finished my white clothes. I need to wash the rest.

A: When you do your darks, can you wash some of mine too?

B: I can do that. Is there a special way you want them washed?

A: They need to be washed on the gentle cycle.

B: Do you have a lot of clothes that need to be washed?

A: There aren't many clothes, is your load big?

B: My load isn't that big.

A: If it's a problem, you don't have to do it for me.

B: I can do this for you. Don't worry.

A: I greatly appreciate this.

B: Don't mention it.


3
 Repeat 

A: Did you already wash your clothes today?

B: I've only washed my white clothes.

A: Could you wash some of my dark clothes with yours?

B: Is there any special care I should take with your clothes?

A: The only thing is that they have to be washed on the gentle cycle.

B: Are there a lot of clothes?

A: There aren't a lot of clothes, do you have a lot to wash?

B: It's a medium load.

A: You don't mind, do you?

B: No big deal. I'll do it for you.

A: Thanks a lot.

B: You're welcome.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




25. Time for Bed















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: It's time for bed.

B: I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.

A: It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.

B: I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.

A: Why don't you try counting sheep?

B: I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.

A: That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.

B: Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?

A: If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.

B: I promise I'll go to sleep soon.

A: No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.

B: See you in the morning.


2
 Repeat 

A: Shouldn't you already be in bed?

B: I can't sleep. I'm really not all that tired.

A: You need to get some rest, as you have to get up early in the morning.

B: It's impossible for me to get to sleep right now.

A: Just close your eyes, and try not to think.

B: That really does not work for me.

A: It doesn't matter, you need to get some sleep.

B: How about I tire myself out, and then fall asleep when I'm tired?

A: Then you're not going to go to sleep.

B: Don't worry, I'll make sure and get to sleep in a little while.

A: I want you in bed, right now, so sweet dreams.

B: Fine. Sleep well yourself.


3
 Repeat 

A: Isn't it past your bedtime already?

B: I am not sleepy. 

A: It's getting late, and you have to wake up early tomorrow.

B: There is no way that I can fall asleep right now.

A: Try listening to some soft music.

B: It won't work. I'm nowhere close to being tired.

A: I really don't care, just go to sleep.

B: What if I stay up and do something, until I get tired?

A: You'll be up all night if I let you do that.

B: I'm going to get to sleep eventually.

A: You need to go to sleep now, so go to sleep.

B: Good night.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




26. Waking Up for School















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: Wake up, it's time for school.

B: I'm so tired. Let me sleep for five more minutes.

A: You have to get up and get ready for school.

B: I know, but just five more minutes.

A: I can't let you go back to sleep, because you won't wake back up.

B: I promise I'll wake up, in five minutes.

A: You still need to eat breakfast, take a shower, and get dressed.

B: I realize that, and I can do all that when I wake up in five minutes.

A: I don't want you to be late for school today.

B: I'm not going to be late today.

A: Fine, five more minutes.

B: Thank you.


2
 Repeat 

A: Get up, it's time for you to get ready.

B: Let me just get five more minutes of sleep.

A: I would, but you need to start getting ready for school.

B: I understand, but all I want is five more minutes of sleep.

A: If I let you go back to sleep, I know that you won't get up in five minutes.

B: Trust me. I'm going to wake up.

A: You have a lot to get done this morning.

B: I already know, and I'll take care of all that when I wake up.

A: I want you to be on time for school today.

B: I'll make it to school on time. Don't worry.

A: I'll let you sleep for a little while longer.

B: I really appreciate that.


3
 Repeat 

A: It's time for you to wake up.

B: Give me five more minutes. I'm really tired this morning.

A: I'm sorry, but it's time for you to get ready for school.

B: I get that, but let me just sleep for a little bit longer.

A: You're not going to get up in five minutes if I let you fall back asleep.

B: Believe me. I will get up and get ready in five minutes.

A: There's a lot that you need to do this morning.

B: I understand, and it will get done after I wake up in five minutes.

A: I would like for you to not be late for school.

B: I'm going to be on time today.

A: Go back to sleep then, but only five more minutes.

B: Thanks a lot.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




21. Buying a Burrito















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: Man, I'm so hungry! Can you buy me a burrito?

B: I don't have any money to buy you a burrito.

A: Please? I haven't eaten anything all day.

B: Look, I only have money to buy myself a burrito.

A: I'm so hungry, I could eat a whole cow!

B: If you're so hungry, why don't you ask someone else for money?

A: I get paid on Friday, I'll pay you back then.

B: Well, I guess on Friday, then you can eat.

A: That's pretty messed up.

B: Why don't you just go home and eat?

A: I don't want to go all the way home just to eat.

B: Well, I guess you're out of luck.


2
 Repeat 

A: I really want a burrito! Can you get me one?

B: I haven't got any money to purchase a burrito for you and me.

A: Would you please buy me one since I haven't eaten today?

B: I only have a few dollars.

A: I could eat a horse right now, I'm so hungry.

B: I want to eat too. Ask someone else to feed you.

A: Since I get my check this Friday, I can give you your money back then.

B: So then, this Friday you'll be able to eat.

A: You're mean to say that.

B: You should just go home and make yourself a sandwich or something.

A: My house is too far, and I'm really hungry.

B: It sounds as if you're going to continue starving.


3
 Repeat 

A: I'm starving! It would be truly appreciated if you bought me a burrito.

B: I'm a little short. I don't have enough for you.

A: I'm starving, as I didn't eat yet today.

B: I really don't have enough money.

A: My stomach feels so empty.

B: Well, why don't you ask Bob for some money? I'm hungry too.

A: I'll be getting money on Friday, and I'll get it back to you then.

B: Okay, so on Friday, you can buy yourself something to eat.

A: That's not nice. 

B: You can always go home and make something to eat.

A: I can't go home yet, because I have things to do here.

B: Sorry. That's not my fault.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




20. Cleaning Up the Room















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: Did you clean your room today?

B: No, not yet.

A: When were you planning on doing that?

B: I'm going to clean it up later.

A: Didn't I ask you to clean it up earlier?

B: I'm going to clean it.

A: I want you to vacuum in your room, and don't forget to dust everything.

B: I know. I'll do it.

A: Make sure you clean it up before you do anything else.

B: I'm not going anywhere until later, so I'll clean it then.


2
 Repeat 

A: Have you begun cleaning up that room of yours?

B: I haven't started yet, but I will.

A: What time are you going to clean it up?

B: I'm planning on cleaning it up a little later.

A: I told you to clean it up earlier.

B: I know. I am still going to clean it up.

A: Make sure you vacuum and dust your room.

B: I won't forget.

A: I don't want you to leave until you clean up.

B: My plans aren't until later, so I'll clean it before I go.


3
 Repeat 

A: Have you started cleaning up your room yet?

B: I haven't gotten started on my room yet.

A: When exactly do you plan on cleaning it?

B: I have every intention of cleaning my room later.

A: I thought I asked you to clean your room earlier.

B: I already told you that I'm going to do it.

A: Remember to vacuum the floor and dust everything.

B: I'll remember to do that.

A: Make sure that you don't go anywhere until you clean your room.

B: I'll clean my room before I leave.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




19. Talking with Angry Parent















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: Do you realize what time it is?

B: I'm sorry, I lost track of time.

A: Do you honestly believe that that is a good excuse?

B: Not at all--that is what really happened.

A: How many times do I have to ask you to call if you're going to be late?

B: Yes, I know. I must've forgot.

A: That's beside the point, you still should have called.

B: You're right. I'm sorry.

A: Next time you come in late without calling, you're gone.

B: You're really going to kick me out?

A: Yes, maybe then you'll figure out how to follow the rules.

B: Actually, if you kick me out, your rules won't matter anymore.


2
 Repeat 

A: Do you have any idea what time it is?

B: My bad. I didn't realize that it was so late.

A: Do you really think that that excuses your tardiness?

B: Of course not. I really did lose track of time.

A: Didn't I tell you to call when you're running late?

B: Yeah, you did. I just forgot to call.

A: It doesn't matter, you should have called and let me know.

B: That's true. My bad for not calling.

A: If you do this again, don't even bother coming home.

B: You're going to kick me out over this?

A: Exactly, maybe that'll teach you to respect my rules.

B: Well, if I'm not living here anymore, then I won't have to listen to your rules.


3
 Repeat 

A: Do you know how late it is?

B: My fault. I didn't realize what time it was.

A: I hope you don't think that excuse lets you off the hook.

B: Not really. I'm telling the truth.

A: Haven't I asked you to call if you're going to be home late?

B: This is true, but it must've slipped my mind.

A: Regardless, all you had to do was give a call.

B: I know. I should've called.

A: Come home late one more time, and you'll find your stuff outside.

B: You want to throw me out over this?

A: That's right, maybe then you'll respect my rules.

B: That's fine, because if I leave, then your rules won't matter.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




18. Riding the Bus















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: How much is the fare for this bus?

B: It costs $1.25 to ride the bus.

A: So, how long have you been driving buses?

B: I've been driving this bus for only a few months.

A: Do you enjoy being a bus driver?

B: Not really.

A: I would never dream of driving a bus.

B: I didn't either, but a paycheck's a paycheck.

A: It was nice talking to you.

B: Nice talking to you too.

A: Have a good day.

B: That'll be hard to do while driving the bus.


2
 Repeat 

A: How much for the bus ride?

B: It's $1.25 for this bus.

A: How long have you been a bus driver?

B: I started driving the bus a few months ago.

A: Is it fun driving the bus?

B: Not at all.

A: I don't think I ever wanted to be a bus driver.

B: I never did either, but it pays the bills.

A: I enjoyed talking to you. 

B: I liked talking to you too.


3
 Repeat 

A: What does it cost to ride this bus?

B: The fare is $1.25.

A: Have you been driving buses a long time?

B: I haven't been driving for long—only for a few months.

A: Do you like to drive the bus?

B: Not in the least bit.

A: I would have never dreamed of ever becoming a bus driver.

B: I never dreamed of doing this either. The only thing I like about it is the money.

A: It was really fun chatting with you.

B: It was really nice talking to you too.

A: Have a good one.

B: I'll have a good day once this day is over.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




2. Disputing a Charge















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: There's a problem with my credit card.

B: Tell me what the problem is.

A: A charge came up on my bill that I didn't make.

B: What was the charge for?

A: The charge was for a $350 purse, but I did not buy it.

B: Are you sure that you didn't make that purchase?

A: I would know if I bought something that expensive.

B: I apologize. What day was this purchase made?

A: It was bought on November 12th at 3:15 pm, while I was at work.

B: All right, we'll do an investigation.

A: Until this investigation is finished, will I have to pay for the charge?

B: No, you don't. We'll take care of it.


2
 Repeat 

A: I have a problem with my credit card.

B: What's wrong with it?

A: There is a charge on my card that I didn't make.

B: Can you tell me what the charge was?

A: It's for a purse that cost $350.

B: Are you positive that you didn't buy the purse?

A: I can't even afford a purse that expensive.

B: I'm very sorry. When was this purchase made?

A: I was at work, but the purchase was made at 3:15 on November 12th.

B: We're going to investigate this claim.

A: Do I have to pay for this charge?

B: You won't have to pay for anything.


3
 Repeat 

A: There is something wrong with my credit card.

B: What's the problem?

A: There is a charge on here that I never made.

B: What charge was made?

A: It was a charge for a $350 purse that I never bought.

B: You didn't make this purchase?

A: I think I would remember if I made a purchase that large.

B: Sorry. When was this purse purchased?

A: It was purchased on the 12th of November at 3:15 pm, but I was at work.

B: We'll do an investigation and get to the bottom of this.

A: In the meantime, do I have to pay for this charge?

B: No. We'll take care of everything.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




14. Which Bus to Take















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: I really need to find a bus that goes by PCC.

B: Where do you need to catch this bus at?

A: All the way up on Las Flores Drive and Fair Oaks.

B: I can tell you what bus to catch, but you have to walk a little bit.

A: Walking isn't a problem for me.

B: The 267 stops at Altadena Drive and Fair Oaks.

A: Which direction do I want?

B: Get on the bus heading west.

A: Do you know where I get off at?

B: Del Mar and Hill.

A: Thanks for letting me know.

B: No problem.


2
 Repeat 

A: Do you know which bus I can take to PCC?

B: Tell me where you need to get on at.

A: I live on Las Flores and Fair Oaks.

B: If you don't mind walking, I know a bus you can take.

A: I'm okay with walking.

B: Walk all the way down Fair Oaks, and catch the 267 on Altadena Drive.

A: Do you know which direction it should be heading?

B: You have to catch it going west.

A: Which stop do I get off on?

B: You need to get off on the corner of Del Mar and Hill.

A: Thank you for telling me.

B: It was my pleasure.


3
 Repeat 

A: I need to get to PCC, but I don't know which bus to catch.

B: Where exactly are you coming from?

A: I'm coming from Fair Oaks and Las Flores Drive in Altadena.

B: Do you have a problem walking a little bit?

A: I don't mind walking.

B: If you walk down Fair Oaks to Altadena Drive, you can catch the 267.

A: Tell me which direction it should be going.

B: Make sure to catch it going west.

A: Where do I get off?

B: You get off on Del Mar and Hill.

A: Thanks for the help.

B: Don't mention it.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




6. Missing the Bus Stop















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: Where do we get off at?

B: I think we have a little ways to go.

A: This bus ride is taking forever.

B: I know.

A: Did we miss our stop?

B: I'm not sure.

A: Didn't you say you knew where to get off the bus?

B: I don't know. We may have missed our stop.

A: Are you serious?

B: Yeah, we did miss it.

A: I can't catch the bus with you anymore.

B: Sorry.


2
 Repeat 

A: Do you know which stop we get off at?

B: We still have more to go, I think.

A: We've been on this bus for a while now.

B: You're right.

A: Should we have gotten off the bus already?

B: I don't think so.

A: I thought you knew.

B: Maybe we did miss our stop.

A: Really?

B: I'm positive that we missed our stop.

A: I'm never catching the bus with you again.

B: My mistake.


3
 Repeat 

A: When do we get off the bus?

B: I think we have a while longer.

A: I feel like we've been on this bus forever.

B: That's true.

A: Are you sure we weren't supposed to get off already?

B: I don't know.

A: I thought you knew where we get off at.

B: I wasn't really paying attention. I think we missed our stop.

A: Seriously?

B: Yeah, we definitely missed our stop.

A: That's the last time I get on a bus with you.

B: My bad.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




4. Getting Off Too Early















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: Is this our bus stop?

B: I think this is it. Get off.

A: Dude, where are we at?

B: I have no idea.

A: I thought this was the right stop.

B: It doesn't look right to me.

A: Did you make us get off early?

B: I think we did.

A: I should not have listened to you.

B: I really thought this was our stop.

A: Now we have to walk.

B: Maybe we should just wait for the next bus.


2
 Repeat 

A: I'm not sure, is this our stop?

B: Yeah, get off the bus.

A: Do you have any idea where we are?

B: I'm really not sure.

A: This can't be the right stop.

B: I don't think this is right.

A: We got off too early, didn't we?

B: Yeah, we did get off too early.

A: I should've just stayed on the bus.

B: I messed up.

A: Great, we have to walk now.

B: You want to wait for the next bus?


3
 Repeat 

A: Are we supposed to get off right here?

B: I think so; hurry up and get off.

A: Where are we?

B: I don't know.

A: You said this was the right stop.

B: I think I was wrong.

A: Did we get off the bus too early?

B: I don't know; it kind of looks like we did.

A: Why did you tell me to get off?

B: I'm sorry. I thought this was our stop.

A: I really don't feel like walking.

B: We could always wait for the next bus to come.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




2. Asking for a Transfer















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: I need to get on another bus, but I have no more money.

B: Where'd the rest of your money for the bus go?

A: I spent it on a bag of chips.

B: Well, that was an intelligent thing to do.

A: You don't have any spare change?

B: No, I don't.

A: How am I going to get home?

B: You should just ask the bus driver for a transfer.

A: How much does that cost?

B: It's free; just go ask for one.

A: Thanks for letting me know.

B: No problem, just go ask.


2
 Repeat 

A: I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.

B: Why don't you have any money for another bus?

A: I got hungry and bought some chips.

B: That was smart.

A: Do you have any change I can use for the bus?

B: I don't have any.

A: I don't know how I'm going to get home.

B: Get a transfer from the bus driver.

A: How much is a transfer?

B: It doesn't cost anything.

A: Thanks for your help.

B: Don't mention it.


3
 Repeat 

A: I don't have any more cash, and I have to get on another bus to get home.

B: Why don't you have any more money?

A: I wanted some chips at lunch today, so I spent it.

B: That was a bright idea.

A: Do you have some change I can borrow?

B: I don't have any change for you.

A: I need to get home.

B: Why don't you just ask the bus driver for a transfer?

A: I don't have money for a transfer.

B: Go ask for a transfer. They're free.

A: I'm glad you let me know.

B: You're welcome.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




1. Asking about Where to Get Off















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat 

A: This bus goes all the way to Santa Anita mall, right?

B: Yes, it'll take us there.

A: Are you positive?

B: I always catch this bus.

A: How long is this bus ride?

B: It only takes half an hour.

A: Where do we get off at?

B: We can get off the bus right behind Macy's.

A: There's a stop right next to the mall?

B: Yeah, it's right in the parking lot.

A: That's cool.

B: Yes, I know.


2
 Repeat 

A: Does this bus really go to the mall?

B: It goes all the way there.

A: Are you sure?

B: I know it does. I catch this bus a lot.

A: How long does it take for the bus to get there?

B: The bus ride is only thirty minutes or so.

A: Where do we get off the bus?

B: Right behind Macy's is a bus stop.

A: The stop is really at the mall?

B: It's in the middle of the parking lot.

A: That's perfect.

B: I know it is.


3
 Repeat 

A: Are you sure that this bus will take us to Santa Anita mall?

B: Yes, it will.

A: You know that for a fact?

B: Yeah, I catch this bus all the time.

A: Is it a very long bus ride?

B: It's about thirty minutes long.

A: Do you know where we get off at?

B: There's a bus stop right behind Macy's.

A: Really, there's a bus stop right by the mall?

B: There's a bus stop in the mall parking lot.

A: That's convenient.

B: Absolutely.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




8. Stopping the Relationship















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Hi Kara, it's Mike here.

B: Hi Mike, how are you doing?

A: I'm doing well, and you?

B: Everything is going great. 

A: Kara, would you be interested in going to dinner again this Friday?

B: Mike, I had a good time too, but I am getting ready to move back to the east coast, so I think I shouldn't get too involved right now.

A: Well, we could just go out as friends.

B: Right now, I think I need to really focus on matters at home, but thanks for a nice evening.


2
 Repeat

A: Hi Kara, this is Mike

B: Hello Mike. How are things going for you?

A: Great, how are you?

B: Fine. Everything is just fine.

A: Kara, I had a great time the other night and was wondering if you would like to go out again this weekend.

B: Mike, I enjoyed your company, but I am getting ready to graduate soon. I really need to focus on my studies.

A: Maybe I could help you with what you need to get done.

B: It would be better for me to just deal with getting my work done, but thank you for a lovely dinner.


3
 Repeat

A: Hello, this is Mike, Kara.

B: Mike! Good to hear from you. How are you?

A: Everything is fine, and how are you?

B: Things are going well with me.

A: Kara, I had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this Friday.

B: Mike, I don't think that it's a good idea to go out again. I really need to focus on getting packed and ready to move back home.

A: Maybe we could just meet for coffee or something.

B: I can't really deal with any distractions right now, but I appreciate the nice evening we spent together.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




7. Rejecting an Invitation















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Joe, how are you doing?

B: I am great! How about you, Mary? How are you?

A: I am doing great! Thank you for asking, Joe.

B: I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight?

A: I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper.

B: OK. What about going to the movies on Friday night?

A: What were you planning on seeing?

B: I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer.

A: How about “The Secret Life of Bees”?

B: That's a chick flick!


2
 Repeat

A: Hi Joe, how are you doing today?

B: Things are going good today. How have you been doing, Mary?

A: Things are going well for me, Joe.

B: Want to go see a movie tonight?

A: My parents are taking me to dinner tonight.

B: Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night, instead?

A: What movie did you want to see?

B: There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer.

A: I was thinking that I would like to see “The Secret Life of Bees.”

B: Oh great! Sounds like something I need to bring Kleenex to!


3
 Repeat

A: Hey Joe, how have you been?

B: I am doing well. How about you, Mary?

A: I am doing OK, Joe. 

B: There is a new movie at the mall that I want to see. Want to go with me?

A: I can't because I already promised my roommate that I would go shopping with her.

B: I could go to the movies on Friday night instead. Would that be better?

A: Did you have a certain movie in mind?

B: I thought the movie about a serial killer who rapes and mutilates his victims would be a good choice.

A: I kind of wanted to see “The Secret Life of Bees.”

B: Maybe we can think of something somewhere between a chick flick and a horror movie!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




6. An Argument















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: John, I was talking to the travel agent about where we might be taking our vacation this year.

B: I am going fishing in Alaska with my friend, Mark.

A: What are you talking about?

B: What's wrong with heading out with Mark for vacation?

A: You and I have been together for a whole year, and our vacation time should be about the two of us!

B: Really? Who made that rule up?

A: With that attitude, I don't really think we have much more to discuss here.

B: That works for me!


2
 Repeat

A: John, I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year.

B: I've already told my buddy, Mark, that I am going hunting with him in Alaska.

A: You can't be serious!

B: Hey, I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation. I am sorry that bothers you.

A: After a year together, I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together.

B: Says who? I don't think that is necessarily the case.

A: You know, now that I think about it, I really don't have much more to say to you at all!

B: Whatever you say!


3
 Repeat

A: Brian and Christina were mentioning that maybe it would be fun to go on vacation together this year, John.

B: I thought that I already told you that I am going with Mark to Alaska.

A: Are you kidding me?

B: You know what? You and I had no plans, so I made plans with Mark. What's the problem?

A: We have been together for a year and usually, people who've been together a year, take their vacation together.

B: I don't think that I ever heard of that rule before. Any more rules that you would like to tell me about?

A: Go on your vacation with Mark and when you come back, why don't you just move in with him as well!

B: I am really looking forward to getting away from you. Far away from you!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




5. Calling After the Date















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Hi Linda, this is Todd.

B: Todd, good to hear from you!

A: I just wanted to tell you what a great time I had with you at the movies last week.

B: Me too, Todd! Thanks for suggesting that great movie.

A: I also enjoyed it and was wondering if you would like to go for a hike in the mountains with me on Saturday.

B: I would love to join you on a hike. Could I maybe bring a picnic lunch for us to eat on the trail?

A: Sure Linda, that's a great suggestion.

B: Fine then, what time are we going to leave?

A: I was thinking maybe 9:00 or so, so that we could get started before the heat gets too bad.

B: Nine would be perfect. I'll see you then!


2
 Repeat

A: Linda, this is Todd calling.

B: Todd, I am so happy you called!

A: Linda, I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed our time together last Friday night.

B: Boy, Todd, that was one great movie you picked out! Thanks for asking me to go with you!

A: I had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on Saturday.

B: A hike would be great! Let me pack us a nice picnic lunch, OK?

A: Linda, that would be a perfect addition.

B: I'll take care of the lunch then, and you can take care of the other plans. What time would you like to pick me up?

A: I was hoping to leave by 9:00 so that it won't be too hot for the hike.

B: Nine is a great time to get started. I'll see you on Saturday!


3
 Repeat

A: Oh hi, Linda, this is Todd.

B: Yes, Todd, how nice to hear your voice!

A: Linda, I just wanted to say that I had a wonderful evening with you last Friday.

B: I really enjoyed our evening together, Todd.

A: I had fun also and was wondering if you would like to go hiking with me in the mountains on Saturday.

B: Hiking would be perfect! May I bring along a picnic lunch for us to share?

A: A picnic lunch would be a nice thing to have along.

B: I'll work on the lunch, and you can work out the details of where we will go. What time will you be at my house?

A: Nine would be good, don't you think?

B: Nine is good. See you on Saturday!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




4. Meeting a Blind Date















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Hi, are you Mia?

B: I am Mia. You must be Rubin.

A: Yes, that's me!

B: It's so good to finally meet you. Karen has told me so much about you!

A: I hope that she had good things to say about me!

B: She had only good things to say. Did you have trouble finding me?

A: Well, how many beautiful women in a red dress by the fountain are there?

B: Thank you for the compliment!

A: So would you like to go get a bite to eat, Mia?

B: That sounds perfect. Lead the way!


2
 Repeat

A: Hi, is your name Mia?

B: Yes, my name is Mia. Are you Rubin?

A: Yes, I am Rubin!

B: Finally! The infamous Rubin! I've heard so much about you that I feel like I already know you.

A: Oh no, I hope they had positive things to say.

B: Don't worry. All of the stories were good. How were you able to find me so quickly?

A: It was pretty easy to find the beautiful woman in a red dress next to the fountain.

B: Well, I guess that kind of narrowed it down!

A: Mia, could I interest you in some lunch down the street at my favorite cafe?

B: Yes, it's a great day for a little walk and some lunch.


3
 Repeat

A: Hi, I am looking for a woman named Mia.

B: I think I am who you are looking for. You have got to be Rubin, then.

A: That would be me!

B: Rubin! Karen and Mike have spoken about you so often that I feel like I've met you before.

A: I hope that what they had to say was mostly good!

B: They only said wonderful things about you. You did a good job of finding me.

A: Finding the beautiful woman in a red dress next to the fountain wasn't all that hard.

B: Yes, I guess it was a choice of me or the pigeons!

A: I was hoping that we could take a walk down the street to my favorite cafe.

B: Lunch sounds great! Let's head on out!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




3. Asking for a Date (2)















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Hi, Todd, how is it going?

B: Things are going well. How are you, Mary?

A: I've also been doing well.

B: You know I've been thinking about maybe taking in a movie this weekend. Do you like to go to the movies?

A: Yes, I really enjoy movies.

B: Well, I've been hoping that we could spend some time together away from here. I was wondering if you would like to go out Friday evening for dinner and a movie.

A: Sure, that sounds good.

B: Is there any movie in particular that you might be interested in?

A: I was thinking about that movie, "Australia."

B: Yeah, that looks like one that we both might enjoy. If I picked you up at 7:00, would that work out OK for you?

A: Seven o'clock would be great!

B: Fine, then I'll see you at 7:00. I am looking forward to a great evening!


2
 Repeat

A: Hey Todd, how are you?

B: I've been doing well. How are things with you, Mary?

A: Things are good with me also.

B: Mary, I was looking in the paper at the new movies coming out. Do you enjoy movies?

A: Yes, I go all the time.

B: I was hoping that you and I could maybe spend a Friday evening together. I was wondering if you would like to go with me this Friday to see a movie and get a bite to eat afterwards.

A: I would love to go out with you on Friday.

B: Do you have a certain movie that you would like to see?

A: I've heard a lot of things about the movie "Australia."

B: You know, I was thinking that that would be a good movie to go see together. Would 7:00 be a good time to pick you up?

A: Seven o'clock would be perfect!

B: OK, I'll pick you up at 7:00 then.


3
 Repeat

A: Todd, how have you been?

B: Everything is good. How have you been, Mary?

A: Perfect, couldn't be better.

B: Mary, I was thinking that I might go to the movies this weekend. Do you go to the movies very often?

A: Yes, I like going to the movies.

B: Would you be interested in letting me take you to the movies on Friday? Maybe we could get a bite to eat afterwards.

A: I think I would enjoy seeing a movie with you on Friday.

B: I am not sure what movies are out right now. Have you heard of any that you might be interested in?

A: I think that that new movie, "Australia," looks like it might be good.

B: That movie sounded interesting to me too. If I picked you up at 7:00, would that be too early?

A: I think that seven o'clock will work out well.

B: Perfect! Well, I'll see you at 7:00 on Friday, then!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




2. Asking for a Date (1)















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Can I ask you a question?

B: Sure, what's up?

A: Well, I was just wondering if you'd like to go out this Friday.

B: Really?

A: Yeah, I was thinking we could get a bite to eat and catch a movie.

B: That sounds like fun.

A: Of course, we can do something else if you'd like.

B: No, no, dinner and a movie sounds great.

A: Well, what time would you like me to pick you up?

B: How about 7:30?

A: That sounds good, so I'll see you then.

B: Okay, cool.


2
 Repeat

A: May I ask you a quick question?

B: Of course.

A: How would you like to go on a date with me this Friday?

B: Seriously?

A: Well, I figured that we could go see a movie and get some dinner.

B: Cool, that sounds like it will be fun.

A: We can always do something else if you'd rather.

B: Not at all. I would love to go to dinner and a movie.

A: That's great, so what time do you want me to come get you?

B: Is 7:30 okay?

A: Friday at 7:30 sounds perfect.

B: Great. See you then.


3
 Repeat

A: Can I ask you something?

B: Sure you can. What's going on?

A: Would you go out with me on Friday?

B: Are you for real?

A: I thought that we could go to dinner and a movie.

B: That actually sounds like it would be a lot of fun.

A: Unless there's something else you would prefer to do.

B: Actually, I would really like to go to dinner and a movie.

A: What time do you want me to come by and pick you up?

B: Is 7:30 cool with you?

A: That's perfect, so I'll see you then.

B: Perfect. I will see you on Friday.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




1. Dating Discussion















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Do you enjoy going on dates?

B: Yes. I find dates to be a lot of fun.

A: What's so fun about them?

B: They give me the opportunity to get to know someone better.

A: So you always have fun on dates?

B: Not always. I don't always like the person I'm on the date with.

A: Why not?

B: My date may not be my type.

A: So then why would you ask them out in the first place?

B: I didn't realize until after our date that they weren't my type.

A: Sounds like a huge waste of time to me.

B: Now that I think about it, it really is sometimes.


2
 Repeat

A: Do you like dating?

B: It's really a lot of fun.

A: What makes it so much fun?

B: It makes it easier to get to know somebody.

A: Are dates always fun to you?

B: Sometimes I may not like the person I'm having a date with.

A: Why is that?

B: The other person isn't always my type.

A: Why would you bother going out with them then?

B: I didn't know that they weren't my type until after I got to know them better.

A: It seems to me that you're wasting your time.

B: You are absolutely correct, sometimes it is a waste.


3
 Repeat

A: Are dates fun for you?

B: I enjoy dating a lot.

A: Why are they so fun for you?

B: Dates allow me to meet new people.

A: Your dates are always fun?

B: Well, I don't always like who I'm dating; so not always.

A: How come?

B: The person I am dating may not be my type.

A: How come you asked them out if they weren't your type?

B: You don't always know what type of person you go on a date with until you know them well enough.

A: Dating sounds pointless.

B: Now that you mention it, sometimes you're right.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




14. Going to the Beach















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Do you want to go to the beach tonight?

B: Sure, which beach are we going to?

A: I wanted to go to Malibu beach.

B: I like Santa Monica.

A: The water there looks so dirty.

B: I just like the pier they have at Santa Monica.

A: I like the pier too, because it's beautiful at night.

B: Is Malibu beach nice?

A: It's a lot nicer, and I really like it better.

B: So you want to go to Malibu?

A: If that's okay with you.

B: Sure, let's go to Malibu.


2
 Repeat

A: What do you think about going to the beach tonight?

B: I'd love to. Which beach?

A: It's up to you, but I was thinking Malibu beach.

B: I really like Santa Monica beach.

A: But the water there doesn't look too clean.

B: I only go because of the pier.

A: The pier is really nice at night.

B: How is it at Malibu beach?

A: I love Malibu beach, because it's so beautiful.

B: So is Malibu where you really want to go?

A: Are you cool with that?

B: Yeah, we can go to Malibu.


3
 Repeat

A: I want to go to the beach tonight.

B: That sounds like fun. Which one are you thinking about?

A: I was thinking Malibu, unless there is another beach you want to go to.

B: How about Santa Monica?

A: I don't really like that beach, as the water seems really dirty.

B: The only thing I like about that beach is the pier.

A: At night, the pier is absolutely beautiful.

B: What's it like at Malibu beach?

A: I love that beach, because it's just so nice.

B: So we're going to Malibu?

A: Well, if you don't want to go to Malibu, we can go to Santa Monica.

B: We can always go to Santa Monica another day.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




13. Wedding Discussion















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Their wedding was absolutely beautiful.

B: It really was. I want a wedding like that.

A: How much do you think they spent on their wedding?

B: I think it might've cost them a nice chunk of change.

A: Do you want a big wedding like that?

B: Not really. I'd rather have a small wedding.

A: I wouldn't want a small wedding.

B: Why not?

A: I want my wedding to be big and memorable.

B: It can be small and memorable too.

A: Well, to each his own.

B: You are absolutely right.


2
 Repeat

A: Their wedding was just exquisite.

B: I know. Maybe one day I'll have a wedding like that.

A: What do you think their budget was?

B: It must have cost them a pretty penny.

A: Would you like to have a big wedding like they did?

B: No. I think I would prefer a smaller wedding.

A: I want a big wedding.

B: How come?

A: I want my wedding to be extravagant, and I want everyone to remember it.

B: Your wedding doesn't have to be big to be memorable.

A: Whatever floats your boat.

B: That is correct.


3
 Repeat

A: Their wedding was so beautiful.

B: I agree completely. I hope that I have a wedding like that one day.

A: How much do you reckon it cost to pull that wedding off?

B: I think it cost them a lot of money.

A: Do you hope to have a wedding as big as theirs?

B: I don't think so. I want to have a smaller wedding.

A: Not me.

B: Why do you want a bigger wedding?

A: I want to have a large wedding that everyone will remember.

B: You can have a small wedding, and people will still remember it.

A: Whatever flicks your Bic.

B: That is true.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




12. Gossiping















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Hi Julie, how are things going?

B: Everything is great, Tad. How are you?

A: I'm doing really well.

B: Tad, I'm pretty hungry right now. Want to walk over and check out the food table?

A: Julie, do you know who that woman is over there by the window?

B: That is Mary. I heard that she's just moved in with Lee.

A: I thought that he was with Malia.

B: Oh, that relationship is history. Malia hooked up with a guy she met on holiday.

A: I bet that Lee wasn't too happy with that!

B: Actually, he was OK with it. They hadn't been getting along too well.


2
 Repeat

A: Hi Julie, how are you?

B: Things are going good, Tad. How about you?

A: Things have been going well for me.

B: That food smells delicious! Let's wander over to the food table and see what's up.

A: Julie, do you know who that woman talking to Lee is?

B: I think that her name is Mary. I think that she and Lee are moving in together.

A: Isn't he with Malia?

B: Malia dumped him. She ran off with a guy she met on vacation.

A: Lee was probably less than thrilled with that!

B: He was kind of relieved. They had been having some problems.


3
 Repeat

A: Hi Julie, how have things been going for you?

B: I'm good, Tad. How are things with you?

A: Things couldn't be better right now.

B: Boy, that's quite a spread over on the food table! Let's go check out the party food.

A: Julie, who is the woman sitting next to Lee on the sofa?

B: Someone told me her name is Mary. Supposedly, she and Lee are living together in Lee's apartment.

A: What about his relationship with Malia?

B: Malia is no longer in the picture. She moved to Australia to be with a guy she met on vacation.

A: How did Lee feel about that happening?

B: He took it pretty well. I think that he had kind of had his eye on Mary for a while.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




11. Declining Food or Drinks















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Mary, it's good to see you!

B: Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by.

A: I am so glad that you decided to stop by!

B: Yes, it has been a long time since we have seen you.

A: Mary, can I get Josh or you something to drink?

B: Oh no, thank you. We aren't all that thirsty.

A: How about a little snack then?

B: No, thank you, we just ate lunch a little while ago.

A: Well then, how is your family?

B: Everyone is doing great. My sister finally had her baby.


2
 Repeat

A: Mary, what a surprise!

B: I am so glad you are home! Josh and I thought that we'd take a chance and stop by for a visit. 

A: Your timing is perfect!

B: It's been a long time since we've stopped by.

A: Mary, Josh, would either of you like something to drink?

B: Thanks, but we really are fine.

A: Would you like a little snack?

B: No, thanks. We are still full from lunch.

A: Is your family doing well?

B: Things are going well for everyone. My brother finally got the job he had been trying for.


3
 Repeat

A: Mary, how have you been?

B: Josh and I just took a chance on our way home from the beach to see if you were up for visitors.

A: I was just thinking about you yesterday!

B: It's been ages since we had a chance to visit with you!

A: Mary, please let me get the two of you something to drink.

B: Oh, please don't go to any trouble. We just stopped by for a visit.

A: Can I get you a little something to eat?

B: We appreciate the offer, but we already ate.

A: So tell me, how is your family doing?

B: We are all doing well. My dad finally got to retire and is enjoying his leisure time.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




10. Accepting Food or Drinks















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Ashley, what a great dinner party!

B: Thank you, Joe. What would you like to drink with your meal? I can offer you wine, mango juice, or water.

A: Just water would be fine.

B: Excellent choice. Can I dish you up some chicken?

A: Yes, the chicken looks wonderful!

B: How about some salad to go with your chicken?

A: Sure, I love salad!

B: Would you like to have rice with your chicken?

A: Yes, I think that rice will go perfectly with my chicken!

B: Good! Julie, if you could pass this plate down to Joe, I think we are all set.


2
 Repeat

A: What a wonderful dinner you've prepared, Ashley!

B: Thanks, Joe. Would you like some wine, mango juice, or water to go with your dinner?

A: I think that a glass of wine would be perfect.

B: Here is your beverage. If you pass me your plate, I can dish you up some chicken.

A: Yes, the chicken smells great!

B: Can I interest you in some salad to go with your chicken?

A: I would love to have some salad!

B: I also have rice. Would you like some rice on the side?

A: Yes, I absolutely love chicken and rice.

B: Excellent! If Julie could pass this plate down to you, we can dig in!


3
 Repeat

A: Oh Ashley, your dinner looks delicious!

B: I appreciate the compliment, Joe. What would you prefer with your meal--wine, mango juice, or water?

A: Mango juice would be a good choice for me.

B: Julie can pour your drink for you. Can I offer you some chicken?

A: Yes, that chicken looks yummy!

B: Would you like some salad to go with your chicken?

A: Yes, I would enjoy having some salad.

B: I have also prepared rice. Are you ready for some rice?

A: Yes, chicken and rice are a favorite of mine.

B: Good! Julie, could you pass this plate to Joe so we can get started?


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




9. Greeting an Old Friend















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Hi, I haven't seen you in a while.

B: Yes, it has been a long time!

A: How long has it been since we last saw each other?

B: I think that we last saw each other two years ago.

A: What have you been doing for the past two years?

B: I have been going to graduate school at USC.

A: What are you majoring in?

B: I am studying international communications.

A: You should easily be able to find a job with that major.

B: I am counting on being able to get a good job.


2
 Repeat

A: Hello, it's been a long time since I have seen you.

B: It is true that I have not seen you in a while.

A: Exactly how long do you think that it has been?

B: I believe that it has been two years since we last saw each other.

A: So where have you been since I last saw you?

B: I am working on my doctorate at USC.

A: What is your field of emphasis?

B: I decided to pursue international communications.

A: I think that you will be very employable after you finish your degree.

B: I hope that when I finish I will find good work.


3
 Repeat

A: It has certainly been a long time since I saw you last.

B: It has been a long time since I last saw you.

A: Can you remember when we last saw each other?

B: It was about two years ago that we saw each other.

A: What have you been up to for the past two years?

B: I am finishing up my doctorate at USC.

A: What subject did you decide to study?

B: International communications is my field.

A: That sounds like a very marketable degree.

B: I am expecting to get my degree and find an interesting position.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




8. Greeting a Visitor















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Welcome, Ron, come on in!

B: Hi, Malia! What a nice home!

A: We enjoy it too!

B: How long have you lived here?

A: About four years now.

B: Well, it is very beautiful.

A: Ron, have a seat and I'll get us something to drink.

B: Good! I am really thirsty. You know it really is hot outside!

A: I have lemonade, iced tea, and mango juice.

B: Mango juice would be perfect. Thank you!


2
 Repeat

A: Hi Ron, please come in!

B: Good to see you, Malia. I love your house!

A: We are very lucky to be living in this house.

B: Have you lived here a long time?

A: This was my parents' house, so I grew up here.

B: It seems to be perfect for you.

A: Come on in and see the kitchen, and I'll get us both something to drink.

B: Great! It's such a hot day today, isn't it?

A: Would you like lemonade, iced tea, or mango juice?

B: I would love a nice glass of lemonade.


3
 Repeat

A: Come right on in, Ron, and welcome to our home!

B: It's so nice to see you, Malia. What a wonderful home!

A: We really like living in this neighborhood.

B: How long have you had this house?

A: We just moved here last year.

B: It's a beautiful home. You've done a great job decorating it.

A: I've got some drinks for us in the kitchen. 

B: That would be wonderful. It was really hot driving over here.

A: I can offer you lemonade, iced tea, or mango juice.

B: Iced tea sounds really good right now!


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




7. Choosing a Gift















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I have no idea what to buy for Mary for her birthday.

B: Me, neither! Would you like to go in and buy her a gift together?

A: Yes, that would be good!

B: We need to think about what she might like. What are her interests?

A: If I remember right, she likes music, skiing, and reading.

B: You know, maybe we could get her some concert tickets. Who would know her favorite groups?

A: Her roommate, Malia, might know what her favorite groups are.

B: Yeah, Malia would be able to help us choose a concert.

A: Let's give Malia a call and ask her for her help right now.

B: Good! Maybe Malia would like to go in with us on this gift.


2
 Repeat

A: I can't figure out what to get Mary for her birthday.

B: I am having a problem figuring that out myself. Do you want to pick something out together?

A: Yes, that way we would have more money to spend.

B: She has a lot of interests. What things do you think she likes to do the best?

A: Well, she really likes going hiking, listening to music, and travel.

B: The music idea sounds good. I wonder who knows what concerts she might like to go to?

A: Maybe we could ask her roommate, Malia, who her favorite groups are.

B: Malia would be a great help. She has known Mary a long time.

A: Let's e-mail Malia and ask her for her suggestions.

B: I think that maybe Malia might like to contribute to this gift too.


3
 Repeat

A: I have been trying hard to pick out a cool gift for Mary for her birthday.

B: That's been challenging for me too. Would you like to go in with me and choose something together?

A: Yes, two heads are better than one.

B: What does she like to do? That might help us pick something out.

A: She seems to really enjoy music, getting pedicures, and going to the movies.

B: Maybe we could get her some concert tickets. Do you know who might know what concert she might like to go to?

A: I think that her roommate, Malia, could give us some suggestions.

B: Malia definitely could help us. She knows Mary very well.

A: I am going to see Malia this afternoon after class and ask her what she thinks.

B: That will work out well. Perhaps Malia would like to help buy this gift.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




6. Buying Flowers















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: I need some flowers for my wife because it is her birthday.

B: We have some fresh red roses.

A: How much are the roses?

B: Twenty dollars per dozen.

A: That sounds like a good deal.

B: Yes, that is today's sale price.

A: I'll take a dozen.

B: Is there anything else you'd like to get?

A: No, the roses will be fine.

B: I'm sure your wife will love them.


2
 Repeat

A: It's my wife's birthday, and I'm going to buy her some flowers.

B: Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses.

A: How much do the roses cost?

B: They're only $20 a dozen.

A: That sounds good, since last year I paid $30.

B: Yes, you're saving money because they're on sale today.

A: I'll take a dozen of your most beautiful roses.

B: Could I interest you in anything else?

A: No, I'll just give her the roses and a card.

B: She should be very pleased with these roses.


3
 Repeat

A: I need to buy some flowers for my wife's birthday.

B: Red roses are always a popular gift for birthdays.

A: What would the roses cost me?

B: You can get a dozen for only $20.

A: That's a price that I like.

B: You're in luck today because the roses are on sale.

A: I'll purchase the roses.

B: Perhaps you'd like something else to go with the roses?

A: No, the roses are good enough.

B: These roses should make your wife very happy.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




5. Accepting Invitation to a Party















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Joe, how are you doing today?

B: Pretty good. Mary, I was wondering if you would like to come to a party on Friday night?

A: I am free that night, and a party sounds good.

B: Fine. It will be at my house. Do you know how to get there?

A: I kind of know where you live, but could you e-mail me your address?

B: I can do that. Do you have anyone that you would like to bring with you to the party?

A: I would really like to bring my friend Jake, if that would be OK.

B: Oh yeah, I remember Jake. That would be fine.

A: Would you like some help with the food?

B: Just bring along whatever it is that you and Jake would like to drink.


2
 Repeat

A: Hi Joe, is everything going OK with you?

B: Things are great. Mary, I am having a party on Friday night and was wondering if you would be available?

A: I would love to come to your party!

B: I am glad you are free. Do you know how to get to my house?

A: If you would e-mail me your address, that would help.

B: Sure, no problem. Can you think of anyone else I can invite to the party?

A: My friend Jake is in town, and I would like it if I could bring him.

B: Sure, bring Jake along. The more the merrier!

A: Can I bring anything?

B: If there is something special that you and Jake would like to drink, bring that along.


3
 Repeat

A: Hey Joe, how's it going?

B: Oh good, Mary. I was hoping I'd see you today. Would you like to come to a party on Friday night?

A: A party would be a perfect way to end the week!

B: Good! Do you need my address?

A: I've been to your house once, but I would appreciate you e-mailing me your address.

B: That would be no trouble at all. Who else do you think I should ask to the party?

A: I don't know if you remember my friend Jake, but I would like to bring him with me.

B: Jake would be welcome. If you think of anyone else, feel free to bring them along also.

A: What would you like me to bring?

B: Everything is taken care of, but if you and Jake want to bring something to drink, that would be appreciated.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




4. Inviting Boss to a Dinner Party















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Mr. Lee, I was wondering if you and your wife had plans for next Friday night?

B: Yes, I think we might be free. What did you have in mind?

A: I've mailed a formal written invitation to your home inviting you to a dinner party at my home.

B: That sounds great. Is it casual?

A: Actually, we thought it would be fun to have a formal sit-down dinner for the holidays.

B: That sounds good. It will give my wife a chance to dress up.

A: Yes, we've invited four other couples, so it should be a good mix of people.

B: That sounds wonderful. Will there be anyone there that I know?

A: Oh yes, everyone we are inviting is from our company.

B: Great! I'll look forward to it. We'll make sure and check the mail for our invitation.


2
 Repeat

A: Mr. Lee, would you and your wife be free next Friday night?

B: I don't think we have any plans, but I would need to see what my wife has planned. Why?

A: My wife mailed a written invitation to your wife asking you both to our dinner party.

B: It would be our pleasure to join you for dinner. What type of party is it?

A: We've always wanted to have a formal dinner party.

B: I think we would enjoy that, especially our wives!

A: Four other couples are coming, so I'm hoping for some interesting conversation.

B: I am sure we will have a great time. Will some of the couples be from our company?

A: Yes, you will know all of our guests.

B: I'll make sure to check the mail for our invitation. Your dinner plans sound wonderful.


3
 Repeat

A: Would you and your wife be available next Friday night, Mr. Lee?

B: I'll have to check with my wife, of course. Did you have something planned?

A: We are having a dinner party, and my wife sent you and your wife an invitation.

B: I think we would enjoy that. Is it a formal affair?

A: My wife insisted on having it be a formal dinner party this time.

B: That would be a change. Usually we just do barbeques and never get a chance to dress up.

A: We thought that inviting four other couples would make nice conversation.

B: I think we will enjoy being there. Will we know anyone?

A: We are only inviting people from work.

B: I am sure that a good time will be had by everyone. We will be looking for your invitation.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




3. Inviting a Friend to a Birthday Party















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Hey, Robert, what are you doing this weekend?

B: I didn't have any big plans.

A: We are putting together a birthday party for Mary.

B: That sounds like fun. Where will it be?

A: We thought it would be fun to have a pool party at Jay's house.

B: Oh good! Can I bring anything?

A: We will be providing hot dogs, hamburgers, and cake, but people can bring side dishes.

B: I am assuming that the dress is casual.

A: Dress casually and bring your bathing suit!

B: Wonderful. Just e-mail me the time and date and I'll be there.


2
 Repeat

A: Robert, do you have plans for the weekend?

B: I have nothing definite planned.

A: Saturday is Mary's birthday, and we are throwing her a party.

B: Sure, I could come to her party. Where are you going to have it?

A: It's going to be a pool party at Jay's apartment building. 

B: That sounds like fun. Is it a potluck?

A: We would like for people to help us by bringing side dishes and drinks.

B: The dress will be casual then?

A: Make sure to bring your bathing suit, and dress casually.

B: Sounds great. Just drop me an e-mail with the time you've picked.


3
 Repeat

A: Robert, are you going to be in town this weekend?

B: I don't have anything scheduled yet.

A: We were wondering if you would like to come to Mary's birthday party on Saturday.

B: I would enjoy coming to Mary's party. Will it be at your house?

A: The party will be at Jay's house out by the pool.

B: Will everyone be pitching in with some food?

A: It would be great if you could bring a side dish, but the rest of the food will be provided.

B: What should we wear?

A: This is a pool party, so make sure to bring your bathing suit.

B: Sounds like we'll have a great time. When you've figured out the details, drop me an e-mail.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




2. Making Plans for the Weekend















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: What are you doing this weekend?

B: I am not sure. What are you doing?

A: I was thinking of maybe taking a drive to the beach.

B: That sounds like a great idea!

A: Would you be interested in joining me?

B: Sure, I would love to go with you. When would you be leaving?

A: I thought that we could leave around 8:00 on Saturday morning.

B: That would give us plenty of time to explore. Did you know that there is a music festival on the beach in Santa Barbara?

A: That was part of my plan.

B: Well then, I'll see you on Saturday. Thanks for asking me to go with you.


2
 Repeat

A: Do you have any plans for the weekend?

B: I haven't given it much thought. What were you thinking of doing?

A: I was planning on taking a trip up the coast to the beach.

B: What a perfect thing to do on a beautiful weekend!

A: Would you like to come along?

B: I think I would enjoy that a lot. When would we leave?

A: Saturday morning around 8:00.

B: Good. That would get us there with time to look around. There is a music festival in Santa Barbara on the beach that day.

A: Yes, I was hoping to be able to go to the festival.

B: I am so glad we talked. Thank you for inviting me to the beach with you.


3
 Repeat

A: Have you thought about what you might like to do this weekend?

B: I have no idea. Do you have any ideas?

A: If the weather stays nice, I'd like to go to the beach.

B: That would be a good choice. The weather has been great for the beach!

A: Why don't you come with me?

B: Hey, that would be perfect! What time are you leaving?

A: I think that Saturday morning around 8:00 would work out well.

B: Santa Barbara has a music festival on the beach that day. We would have enough time to drop in and see it.

A: Yes, I knew the festival would be there and was looking forward to going to it.

B: I am really looking forward to Saturday. Thank you for letting me go with you.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




1. Going to a Party















            Search Images      Translate
1
 Repeat

A: Are you going to the party on Saturday?

B: I was thinking about it. Are you?

A: Yeah, I heard it's going to be a lot of fun.

B: Really? Well, what time does it start?

A: It starts at 8:00 pm, and I really think you should go.

B: Well, who else is going to be there?

A: Everybody from school.

B: How do you know it's going to be so fun?

A: This party is going to have a DJ, food, and drinks.

B: Wow, that does sound like it's going to be fun.

A: So am I going to see you at the party?

B: Yeah, I will be there.


2
 Repeat

A: Are you going to be at the party this Saturday?

B: I'm not sure yet. Are you going?

A: Of course I am, because it's going to be great.

B: Is it really? When does it start?

A: The party starts at 8 o'clock, and you should really try to go.

B: I'm thinking about it. Who is going to the party?

A: Pretty much everybody from school.

B: What makes you think it's going to be so much fun?

A: The party is going to have food, drinks, and live music.

B: That does sound like it will be fun.

A: Are you going to go?

B: Certainly. I'm definitely going to go.


3
 Repeat

A: Do you plan on attending the party on Saturday?

B: I haven't decided yet. Are you going to go?

A: Yes, I'm going, because it's going to be so much fun.

B: For real? What time is the party?

A: The party is at 8, and I hope to see you there.

B: Maybe I will go. Who's going to be there?

A: The whole school is going to be there.

B: What's going to be so much fun about this party?

A: There's going to be a live DJ, food, and drinks at the party.

B: It seems like it will be a very good time.

A: So I guess I'll see you there?

B: Indeed! I need to join the fun.


Practice the Conversations of This Topic with Mike

Back

Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
eslfast.com




